SOURCE: https://news.adobe.com/news/2026/09/adobe-announces-anil-chakravarthy-to-become-president-and-ceo
PROVIDER: agent-websearch
AREA: 9
HEADLINE: Adobe Announces Anil Chakravarthy to Become President and CEO
WHY: Primary company release on CEO succession, a live overhang landing days before the print
QUERY: Adobe CEO successor search 2026 announcement
FETCHED_UTC: 2026-09-07T15:27:35Z

 
 
   
     Adobe Announces Anil Chakravarthy to Become President and CEO and Shantanu Narayen to Become Executive Chair on December 1, 2026 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
      
     
      
      
     body { display: none; } 
     
   
   
      
     
       
         
           
             #262530 
           
           
             
               Adobe Announces Anil Chakravarthy to Become President and CEO and Shantanu Narayen to Become Executive Chair on December 1, 2026 
               Thursday, September 3, 2026 1:05 PM 
                  Download the PDF    
             
             
               
                 
                 
                 
                 
               
             
           
         
       
       
         
           
             
                SAN JOSE, Calif. —September 3, 2026  — Adobe (Nasdaq: ADBE) — Adobe's Board of Directors today announced that Anil Chakravarthy, president of Adobe’s Customer Experience Orchestration business and worldwide field operations, will become Adobe’s next president and chief executive officer and join the Board of Directors effective December 1, 2026. Shantanu Narayen will transition to executive chair and work closely with Chakravarthy to ensure a smooth transition and support Adobe’s ongoing transformation. 
               “Adobe’s opportunity ahead is limitless with our track record in creating new market categories and world-class products. Anil is an experienced transformational leader who leads with values, integrity and a deep knowledge of our business. He has a proven record of building and delivering category-defining products that serve our broad range of customers,” said Narayen. “I could not be more confident that Anil is the right person to lead Adobe's growth in an AI-driven era and look forward to working closely with him in my new role as executive chair.” 
               Frank Calderoni, Lead Independent Director of Adobe, who led the special committee overseeing the selection process said, “The Board has unanimously determined that Anil is the right leader for Adobe’s next chapter of growth. Over the last six and a half years, he has transformed and expanded Adobe’s Customer Experience Orchestration business and worldwide field operations through innovation-led growth, developing and retaining talent and carrying forward Adobe's culture and values. We conducted a rigorous selection process resulting in the appointment of an outstanding CEO.” 
               Chakravarthy said, "I am deeply honored to have been chosen to lead Adobe during this pivotal moment. I'm energized by the opportunity to fuel growth and drive Adobe's leadership in the next era of agentic software for creativity, productivity and customer experience. Adobe has a history of building the future — not just through our technology, but through our people and our commitment to customers. Thanks to Shantanu's exceptional leadership in transforming Adobe's business model over the decades, we are well positioned to achieve Adobe's next chapter of growth. I want to thank the Board for the confidence they've placed in me. I look forward to working closely with our employees, Shantanu and the Board of Directors to continue serving our customers and transforming Adobe in the era of AI." 
               Chakravarthy joined Adobe in January 2020 as executive vice president and general manager leading the Digital Experience business. In September 2020, he took on the additional responsibility of leading Adobe’s worldwide field operations serving enterprise customers with the full portfolio of Adobe’s products including creativity and productivity. In December 2021, he was promoted to president of Digital Experience and worldwide field operations. 
               Under Chakravarthy’s leadership, Adobe has become an industry leader in Customer Experience Orchestration solutions. He has led the development of market-leading products including Adobe CX Enterprise, GenStudio and Brand Visibility, which are category-defining products using the power of AI to deliver breakthrough customer experiences. He has been instrumental in scaling Adobe Experience Platform and the introduction of new product innovations like CX Enterprise Coworker. He successfully championed the acquisitions and integration of Workfront and Semrush. 
               Prior to his current role, Chakravarthy served as CEO for four years at Informatica, a global leader in enterprise cloud data management. He originally joined Informatica in 2013 as executive vice president. Before joining Informatica, Chakravarthy acquired broad experience in the technology industry through executive roles at Symantec, VeriSign and McKinsey &#x26; Company. Chakravarthy received a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from the Institute of Technology, Varanasi, India and a Masters of Science and Ph.D from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
             
           
         
         
           
             
                Adobe Q3 FY2026 Earnings Call, September 10  
               Adobe looks forward to hosting its Q3 FY2026 Earnings call on Thursday, September 10. The conference call will be streamed lived on the  Adobe Investor Relations Site.  Following the call, a recording and related materials will be available on the site. 
             
           
         
         
           
             
               About Adobe 
               Adobe (Nasdaq: ADBE) empowers everyone to create through industry-leading platforms and tools that unleash creativity, productivity and personalized customer experiences. For more information, visit  www.adobe.com . 
             
           
         
         
           
             
               Public relations contact 
               Ashley Levine Adobe  adobepr@adobe.com  
               © 2026 Adobe. All rights reserved. Adobe and the Adobe logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
             
           
         
       
       
         
           
             style 
             XS spacing 
           
         
       
       
         
           
             
               Downloads 
             
           
         
         
           
             
               
                 
                   
                   
                   
                   
                 
               
                Download  
             
           
         
         
           
             style 
             Three up, m spacing 
           
         
       
       
         
           
              
           
         
       
       
         
           
             style 
             L spacing 
           
         
       
        
       
         
           
             CardTitle 
             Adobe Announces Anil Chakravarthy to Become President and CEO and Shantanu Narayen to Become Executive Chair on December 1, 2026 
           
           
             Created 
             2026-09-03 
           
           
             CardImage 
             
               
                 
                 
                 
                 
               
             
           
           
             CardImageAltText 
             Image of Anil Chakravarthy. 
           
           
             CardDescription 
             Adobe's Board of Directors today announced that Anil Chakravarthy, president of Adobe’s Customer Experience Orchestration business and worldwide field operations, will become Adobe’s next president and chief executive officer and join the Board of Directors effective December 1, 2026 
           
           
             ContentType 
             caas:content-type/newsroom/article 
           
           
             Tags 
             
               caas:newsroom/article, 
               caas:newsroom/article/corporate, 
               caas:newsroom/article/events, 
               caas:newsroom/article/corporate/ir 
             
           
           
             Details 
              
           
           
             cta1Text 
             Read More 
           
           
             cta1URL 
              
           
           
             BadgeText 
              
           
           
             BadgeImage 
              
           
         
       
     
      
   
 
