SOURCE: [url withheld] host=sec.gov
FORM: 8-K
FILED: 2025-12-17
ACCEPTED: 2025-12-17T21:49:25.000Z
ITEMS: 8.01,9.01
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-08-11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EX-99.1
4
d27244dex991.htm
EX-99.1

EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

Immunome Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock

December 15, 2025
BOTHELL, Wash. – Immunome,
Inc. (“Immunome”) (Nasdaq: IMNM), a biotechnology company focused on developing first-in-class and best-in-class targeted cancer therapies, today announced its plans to commence an underwritten public offering, subject to market and other conditions, to issue and sell $400 million of shares of its
common stock. All of the shares are being offered by Immunome. In connection with the proposed offering, Immunome expects to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional
$60 million of shares of its common stock. There can be no assurance as to whether or when the proposed offering may be completed or as to the actual size or terms of the proposed offering.

Leerink Partners, J.P. Morgan, TD Cowen, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Guggenheim Securities are acting as joint bookrunning managers for the proposed
offering. Wedbush PacGrow and LifeSci Capital are acting as co-lead managers for the proposed offering.
The
proposed offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 13, 2024 and
automatically became effective upon filing. A preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the proposed offering will be filed with the SEC and will be available for free on the SEC’s website located
at  http://www.sec.gov . Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the proposed offering may be obtained, when available, from: Leerink Partners LLC, Attention: Syndicate Department, 53
State Street, 40th Floor, Boston, MA 02109, or by telephone at (800) 808-7525 ext. 6105, or by email at  syndicate@leerink.com ; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions,
1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at  prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com and postsalemanualrequests@broadridge.com ; TD Securities (USA) LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial
Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at TDManualrequest@broadridge.com ; Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, or by email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com ; or Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, 330 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10017,
or by telephone at (212) 518-9544, or by email at GSEquityProspectusDelivery@guggenheimpartners.com .
This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration
or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
About Immunome, Inc.

Immunome is a clinical-stage targeted oncology company committed to developing
first-in-class and best-in-class targeted cancer therapies. We are advancing an
innovative portfolio of therapeutics, drawing on leadership that previously played key roles in the design, development, and commercialization of cutting-edge therapies, including antibody-drug conjugate therapies. Our pipeline includes
varegacestat, a late-clinical stage GSI; IM-1021, a clinical-stage ROR1 ADC; and IM-3050, a FAP-targeted radiotherapy that
recently received IND clearance. We are also advancing a broad portfolio of early stage ADCs pursuing undisclosed solid tumor targets.
Forward-Looking
Statements
Statements contained in this press release regarding Immunome’s expectations regarding the offering are “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, Immunome’s expectations regarding the completion, timing and size
of the proposed offering, are based upon Immunome’s current expectations and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking
statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation, market conditions, size and expected gross proceeds of the offering, the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the proposed offering,
Immunome’s ability to complete the proposed offering, and the risks and uncertainties inherent in

Immunome’s business. These and other risks and uncertainties are described in greater detail in the
section entitled “Risk Factors” in Immunome’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, as well as
discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in Immunome’s other filings with the SEC, including those contained or incorporated by reference in the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus
related to the offering to be filed with the SEC. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made and are based on management’s assumptions and estimates as of such date.
Immunome undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by law.

Investor Contact:
Max Rosett

Chief Financial Officer
mrosett@immunome.com

Media Contact:
Nicole Foderaro

Real Chemistry
media@immunome.com