SOURCE: [url withheld] host=seekingalpha.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: seekingalpha.com
TIER: 2 (wayback snapshot 20260731173122)
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31T13:15:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-05T19:07:49Z
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reaves Utility Income Trust (UTG) is a closed-end fund that is focused on the production of durable and recurring dividend income. As most of its assets go into the utility space, the underlying fundamental
Reaves Utility: Retirement Dividend Bargain To Buy On The Dip
Summary
- Reaves Utility Income Trust has experienced a decent dip in the past couple of months.
- The dip has been driven by yield curve dynamics, not credit deterioration.
- Since the fundamentals remain robust, the dip presents an attractive entry point for long-term income investors.
- In this article, I update my thesis and elaborate on why I would suggest that retirement (durable) income investors consider adding UTG on the recent dip.
Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have no stock, option or similar derivative position in any of the companies mentioned, and no plans to initiate any such positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Seeking Alpha's Disclosure: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. Any views or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. Seeking Alpha is not a licensed securities dealer, broker or US investment adviser or investment bank. Our analysts are third party authors that include both professional investors and individual investors who may not be licensed or certified by any institute or regulatory body.