SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31T19:02:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-04T10:02:24Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Entegris, Inc. ENTG is scheduled to report its second-quarter 2026 results on Aug. 4, 2026.
For the second quarter of 2026, Entegris expects revenues between $815 million and $840 million. The midpoint implies year-over-year growth of 5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for second-quarter revenues is pegged at $839.9 million, suggesting a year-over-year increase of 5.99%.
For the second quarter of 2026, Entegris expects non-GAAP earnings to be in the range of 76-84 cents per share. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for ENTG's second-quarter 2026 earnings is pegged at 83 cents per share, implying a significant year-over-year increase of 25.8%.
ENTG's earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in three of the trailing four quarters while matching once, the average surprise being 5.17%.
Entegris, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise
Entegris, Inc. price-eps-surprise | Entegris, Inc. Quote
Let's see how things have shaped up for this announcement.
Key Factors to Note for Entegris' Q2 Earnings
Entegris' second-quarter performance is expected to have benefited from continued strength in advanced logic and memory markets, driven by rising AI-related semiconductor demand. The company continues to see strong demand for liquid filtration, advanced deposition materials and selective etch chemistries, which are used in leading-edge chip manufacturing. Management also expects industry wafer starts to improve in 2026, supported by higher DRAM demand and increasing production of 2-nanometer chips, which is likely to have boded well for Entegris' prospects in the second quarter.
The company is also expected to have benefited from improving wafer fabrication equipment (WFE) and fab construction spending. Management noted that bookings continued to improve and expects CapEx-related revenues to increase through the remainder of 2026, supported by strong WFE spending and new fab construction projects. Strong order patterns and increasing backlog are expected to have provided better revenue visibility during the second quarter.
Entegris' operational improvement initiatives are also likely to have supported prospects in the second quarter. Productivity improvements across its manufacturing network, ongoing cost-control measures, manufacturing footprint optimization and favorable product mix are expected to have contributed to profitability. The company also continued to optimize its manufacturing network by closing subscale facilities and improving operating efficiency.
However, growth in the second quarter is likely to have been partly offset by continued weakness in the mainstream logic market. Management expects demand in this market to remain mixed, as softer consumer-related semiconductor demand continues to weigh on utilization, despite strength in AI- and data center-related applications. Further, management noted modest inflation in raw materials, particularly noble gases and resins, following the Middle East conflict, which is likely to have created some cost pressure during the second quarter.