SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-18T18:40:02Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-18 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-26T19:06:25Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

For those looking to find strong Medical stocks, it is prudent to search for companies in the group that are outperforming their peers. Adicet Bio, Inc. (ACET) is a stock that can certainly grab the attention of many investors, but do its recent returns compare favorably to the sector as a whole? Let's take a closer look at the stock's year-to-date performance to find out.
Adicet Bio, Inc. is a member of our Medical group, which includes 914 different companies and currently sits at #7 in the Zacks Sector Rank. The Zacks Sector Rank considers 16 different groups, measuring the average Zacks Rank of the individual stocks within the sector to gauge the strength of each group.
The Zacks Rank is a successful stock-picking model that emphasizes earnings estimates and estimate revisions. The system highlights a number of different stocks that could be poised to outperform the broader market over the next one to three months. Adicet Bio, Inc. is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy).
Over the past three months, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for ACET's full-year earnings has moved 21.5% higher. This means that analyst sentiment is stronger and the stock's earnings outlook is improving.
Our latest available data shows that ACET has returned about 3.8% since the start of the calendar year. Meanwhile, the Medical sector has returned an average of 2.1% on a year-to-date basis. This shows that Adicet Bio, Inc. is outperforming its peers so far this year.
Agilent Technologies (A) is another Medical stock that has outperformed the sector so far this year. Since the beginning of the year, the stock has returned 9.1%.
For Agilent Technologies, the consensus EPS estimate for the current year has increased 1.4% over the past three months. The stock currently has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).
To break things down more, Adicet Bio, Inc. belongs to the Medical - Biomedical and Genetics industry, a group that includes 439 individual companies and currently sits at #150 in the Zacks Industry Rank. Stocks in this group have gained about 5.7% so far this year, so ACET is slightly underperforming its industry this group in terms of year-to-date returns.
Agilent Technologies, however, belongs to the Medical - Products industry. Currently, this 84-stock industry is ranked #102. The industry has moved -16.1% so far this year.
Going forward, investors interested in Medical stocks should continue to pay close attention to Adicet Bio, Inc. and Agilent Technologies as they could maintain their solid performance.