SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finnhub.io
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finnhub.io
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-16T05:49:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-16 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-25T19:06:15Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wall Street has issued downbeat forecasts for the stocks in this article. These predictions are rare - financial institutions typically hesitate to say bad things about a company because it can jeopardize their other revenue-generating business lines like M&A advisory.
Accurately determining a company's long-term prospects isn't easy, especially when sentiment is weak. That's where StockStory comes in - to help you find attractive investment candidates backed by unbiased research. That said, here are three stocks where the skepticism is well-placed and some better opportunities to consider.
Box (BOX)
Consensus Price Target: $33 (1.9% implied return)
Known as the "Content Cloud" for managing the 90% of business data that exists as unstructured files and documents, Box (NYSE:BOX) provides a cloud-based platform that enables organizations to securely manage, share, and collaborate on their content from anywhere on any device.
Why Are We Out on BOX?
-       Offerings struggled to generate meaningful interest as its average billings growth of 6.5% over the last year did not impress
-       Projected sales growth of 8.3% for the next 12 months suggests sluggish demand
-       Operating profits and efficiency rose over the last year as it benefited from some fixed cost leverage
At $32.39 per share, Box trades at 3.5x forward price-to-sales. Read our free research report to see why you should think twice about including BOX in your portfolio, it's free.
Monarch (MCRI)
Consensus Price Target: $126.50 (2.3% implied return)
Established in 1993, Monarch (NASDAQ:MCRI) operates luxury casinos and resorts, offering high-end gaming, dining, and hospitality experiences.
Why Should You Sell MCRI?
-       Annual revenue growth of 14.1% over the last five years was below our standards for the consumer discretionary sector
-       Free cash flow margin is anticipated to expand by 1.5 percentage points over the next year, providing additional flexibility for investments and share buybacks/dividends
-       Returns on capital are increasing as management makes relatively better investment decisions
Monarch is trading at $123.71 per share, or 18.6x forward P/E. If you're considering MCRI for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more.
Bank of America (BAC)
Consensus Price Target: $68.77 (6.1% implied return)
Tracing its roots back to 1784 and now serving approximately 67 million consumer and small business clients, Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) is a global financial institution that provides banking, investing, asset management, and risk management products and services to individuals, businesses, and governments.