SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 2 (wayback snapshot 20260807051506)
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-06T21:21:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-06 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-07T10:00:25Z
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Zacks Utilities sector's second-quarter 2026 earnings are expected to have benefited from planned investments aimed at enhancing operational efficiency, ongoing cost-saving initiatives, the implementation of new electric and gas rates, and increasing demand from data centers. Additional support likely came from the reshoring of industries, which generated incremental energy demand, and the adoption of advanced technologies that improved service reliability.
Per the latest  Earnings Outlook, the Zacks Utilities sector's second-quarter earnings are expected to increase 13.1% year over year on a 6.4% rise in revenues. Utilities have been focused on strengthening their infrastructure, generating more clean electricity and providing high-quality services to their customers even during adverse weather conditions.
PPL Corporation PPL and Vistra Corp. VST are set to report second-quarter earnings on Aug.7. These announcements will provide insight into how things have shaped up for utilities this earnings season.  
Factors to Consider
Utilities continue to make disciplined capital investments aimed at lowering operating, fuel and maintenance costs. These savings can ultimately help reduce the burden of utility expenses on customers. At the same time, investments in digital technologies, critical system interconnections and data-driven decision-making have enabled utilities to improve operational efficiency and overall performance. Prevailing interest rates might also have supported capital-intensive utilities by allowing them to finance long-term projects at relatively lower borrowing costs.
Utilities continue to benefit from several favorable factors, including the implementation of new electric and natural gas tariffs, customer growth, disciplined cost management and the execution of energy-efficiency initiatives. 
Most utilities have committed to delivering 100% clean energy and achieving net-zero emissions over the coming decades. To meet these goals, utilities are steadily reducing reliance on coal and other high-emission generation sources while expanding their portfolios of cleaner, renewable energy resources, including wind, solar and hydropower. Meanwhile, utilities are also expanding battery energy storage capacity to facilitate the greater integration of renewable energy into the power grid.
As demand for reliable, clean energy continues to rise, particularly from AI-driven data centers, utilities are increasingly relying on nuclear power generation to meet customers' needs. In addition, several utilities are advancing the development of small modular reactors (SMRs) as a long-term solution to support the growing demand for carbon-free electricity.