SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31T22:11:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-06T10:30:37Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

BWX Technologies, Inc. BWXT is scheduled to report second-quarter 2026 results on Aug. 3, 2026, after market close. The company delivered an earnings surprise of 21.74% in the last reported quarter.
Let's discuss the factors that are likely to be reflected in the upcoming quarterly results.  
Factors Likely to Affect BWXT's Q2 2026 Results
Higher revenues from naval nuclear propulsion programs, supported by steady production on the Virginia-class and Columbia-class submarine programs, as well as early work on the next Ford-class aircraft carrier, are likely to have boosted the overall top-line performance of BWXT's Government Operations segment. Growth in defense fuels enrichment and High-Purity Depleted Uranium (HPDU) programs, along with improved manufacturing efficiency, is also expected to have supported this segment's performance.
Higher demand for commercial nuclear components and services is expected to have boosted the top-line performance of BWXT's Commercial Operations segment. Strong growth in its medical business, along with continued contributions from the Kinectrics acquisition, is also likely to have supported this segment's revenues.
However, higher corporate expenses due to restructuring initiatives and business transformation efforts are likely to have offset some of the positives in the to-be-reported quarter.  
BWX Technologies, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise
BWX Technologies, Inc. price-eps-surprise | BWX Technologies, Inc. Quote
Q2 Estimates for BWXT
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for BWXT's second-quarter sales is pegged at $891.8 million, which indicates an increase of 16.7% from the prior-year number.
The consensus estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.01 per share, which indicates a year-over-year decline of 1%.  
What the Zacks Model Unveils for BWX Technologies
Our proven model predicts an earnings beat for BWX Technologies this time. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat, which is the case here.
Earnings ESP: BWX Technologies has an Earnings ESP of +0.66%. You can uncover the best stocks before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Zacks Rank: BWXT currently carries a Zacks Rank of 3.
You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.  
Other Stocks to Consider
CurtissWright CW is slated to report its second-quarter 2026 results on Aug. 5, after market close. It has an Earnings ESP of +0.36% and a Zacks Rank of 3 at present.
CW's long-term (three to five years) earnings growth rate is 14.3%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $3.62 per share, which suggests a year-over-year rise of 12.1%.
ATI INC ATI is slated to report its second-quarter 2026 results on Aug. 6, before market open. It has an Earnings ESP of +1.32% and a Zacks Rank of 2 at present.
ATI's long-term earnings growth rate is 28%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03 per share, which suggests a year-over-year rise of 39.2%.
Vertical Aerospace EVTL is set to report second-quarter 2026 earnings on Aug. 13, before market open. It has an Earnings ESP of +15.39% and a Zacks Rank of 3 at present.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for EVTL's loss is pegged at 39 cents per share, indicating year-over-year improvement. The company delivered an earnings surprise of 4.76% in the last reported quarter.