SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31T17:33:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-06T10:30:37Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kratos Defense & Security Solutions KTOS is expected to report second-quarter 2026 results on Aug. 4, after market close. 
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at 13 cents per share, indicating year-over-year growth of 18.18%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is pinned at $411.7 million, indicating growth of 17.1% from the year-ago reported figure.  
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research
KTOS' Earnings Surprise History
The company beat on earnings in each of the trailing four quarters, delivering an average surprise of 22.64%.
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research  
What Our Quantitative Model Predicts
Our proven model does not predict an earnings beat for Kratos Defense this time around. The combination of a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy), or 3 (Hold) increases the odds of an earnings beat, which is not the case here, as you will see below.
Earnings ESP: The company's Earnings ESP is +11.70%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.
Zacks Rank: Currently, Kratos Defense carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). 
You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.  
Stocks Worth a Look
Some stocks in the same industry that have the combination of factors indicating an earnings beat are Curtiss-Wright CW and ATI INC ATI. Curtiss-Wright and ATI have an Earnings ESP of +0.36% and +1.32%, respectively. ATI holds a Zacks Rank #2 and Curtiss-Wright carries a Zacks Rank #3 at present.
Factors That Might Have Impacted KTOS' Q2 Performance
In June 2026, Kratos Defense announced the expansion of Spartan turbojet engine production. This could have served as a positive catalyst in the second quarter, as it reinforces growing demand for the company's propulsion systems used in missiles and loitering munitions.
One of the biggest positives during the quarter was Kratos Defense's record backlog and expanding opportunity pipeline. The company finished the first quarter with a record $2 billion backlog, a 1.6X consolidated book-to-bill ratio, and an opportunity pipeline exceeding $14 billion. Management also highlighted an impressive 3:1 book-to-bill ratio within its satellite business, reflecting exceptionally strong demand for space-related programs. These metrics provide strong revenue visibility and suggest that demand across KTOS' core defense markets may continue to accelerate.
The successful integration and flight testing of KTOS' J85-powered Firejet drone validate the company's vertically integrated drone and propulsion strategy while demonstrating the performance of its domestically produced J85 engine. The upgraded Firejet offers greater speed, range, endurance and climb performance, expanding its appeal for both target and tactical missions, while reducing supply-chain risk through U.S.-made engines.
Solid revenue growth from increased target drone production activity is likely to have bolstered the top line of the Unmanned Systems business segment in the second quarter.
The recent acquisition of Orbit Technologies is expected to have strengthened Kratos Defense's competitive position. It expands the company's satellite communications portfolio and enhances its relationships with key Israeli defense contractors.
Despite the strong outlook, the second quarter is likely to have been weaker sequentially, according to management. Guidance calls for revenues of $400-$410 million, implying slower organic growth than the first quarter. Management attributed the softer outlook primarily to the timing of unmanned systems shipments, less favorable revenue mix, higher manufacturing overhead, administrative expenses, and bid-and-proposal spending that are being incurred ahead of anticipated second-half growth.