SOURCE: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/worth-investing-booking-holdings-bkng-133002155.html
PROVIDER-URL: https://finnhub.io/api/news?id=de27a7d4c55e7da25ac6cab5542eeced98ca426ca22d52c47bf4b42d9fb53ba8
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-04T17:30:02Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-04 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-04T19:03:14Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

When deciding whether to buy, sell, or hold a stock, investors often rely on analyst recommendations. Media reports about rating changes by these brokerage-firm-employed (or sell-side) analysts often influence a stock's price, but are they really important?
Let's take a look at what these Wall Street heavyweights have to say about Booking Holdings (BKNG) before we discuss the reliability of brokerage recommendations and how to use them to your advantage.
Booking Holdings currently has an average brokerage recommendation (ABR) of 1.55, on a scale of 1 to 5 (Strong Buy to Strong Sell), calculated based on the actual recommendations (Buy, Hold, Sell, etc.) made by 40 brokerage firms. An ABR of 1.55 approximates between Strong Buy and Buy.
Of the 40 recommendations that derive the current ABR, 28 are Strong Buy and two are Buy. Strong Buy and Buy respectively account for 70% and 5% of all recommendations.
Brokerage Recommendation Trends for BKNG
Check price target & stock forecast for Booking Holdings here>>>
The ABR suggests buying Booking Holdings, but making an investment decision solely on the basis of this information might not be a good idea. According to several studies, brokerage recommendations have little to no success guiding investors to choose stocks with the most potential for price appreciation.
Do you wonder why? As a result of the vested interest of brokerage firms in a stock they cover, their analysts tend to rate it with a strong positive bias. According to our research, brokerage firms assign five "Strong Buy" recommendations for every "Strong Sell" recommendation.
In other words, their interests aren't always aligned with retail investors, rarely indicating where the price of a stock could actually be heading. Therefore, the best use of this information could be validating your own research or an indicator that has proven to be highly successful in predicting a stock's price movement.
With an impressive externally audited track record, our proprietary stock rating tool, the Zacks Rank, which classifies stocks into five groups, ranging from Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) to Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell), is a reliable indicator of a stock's near-term price performance. So, validating the Zacks Rank with ABR could go a long way in making a profitable investment decision.
ABR Should Not Be Confused With Zacks Rank
In spite of the fact that Zacks Rank and ABR both appear on a scale from 1 to 5, they are two completely different measures.
Broker recommendations are the sole basis for calculating the ABR, which is typically displayed in decimals (such as 1.28). The Zacks Rank, on the other hand, is a quantitative model designed to harness the power of earnings estimate revisions. It is displayed in whole numbers -- 1 to 5.