SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 2 (wayback snapshot 20260802133606)
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31T18:11:49Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-04T19:30:42Z
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Generating cash is essential for any business, but not all cash-rich companies are great investments. Some produce plenty of cash but fail to allocate it effectively, leading to missed opportunities.
Cash flow is valuable, but it's not everything - StockStory helps you identify the companies that truly put it to work. That said, here are two cash-producing companies that reinvest wisely to drive long-term success and one that may face some trouble.
One Stock to Sell:
Starbucks (SBUX)
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 9.5%
Started by three friends in Seattle's historic Pike Place Market, Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) is a globally-renowned coffeehouse chain that offers a wide selection of high-quality coffee, beverages, and food items.
Why Is SBUX Not Exciting?
-       Lagging same-store sales over the past two years suggest it might have to change its pricing and marketing strategy to stimulate demand
-       Projected sales decline of 1.6% for the next 12 months points to a tough demand environment ahead
-       Day-to-day expenses have swelled relative to revenue over the last year as its operating margin fell by 3 percentage points
At $105.93 per share, Starbucks trades at 35.5x forward P/E. Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than SBUX.
Two Stocks to Watch:
Inter Parfums (IPAR)
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 13.2%
With licenses to produce colognes and perfumes under brands such as Kate Spade, Van Cleef & Arpels, and Abercrombie & Fitch, Inter Parfums (NASDAQ:IPAR) manufactures and distributes fragrances worldwide.
Why Should IPAR Be on Your Watchlist?
-       Unique products and pricing power result in a stellar gross margin of 59.7%
-       Strong free cash flow margin of 14.4% enables it to reinvest or return capital consistently
-       Market-beating returns on capital illustrate that management has a knack for investing in profitable ventures
Inter Parfums is trading at $125.52 per share, or 24.8x forward P/E. Is now the time to initiate a position? Find out in our full research report, it's free.
Oscar Health (OSCR)
Trailing 12-Month Free Cash Flow Margin: 21%
Founded in 2012 to simplify the notoriously complex American healthcare system, Oscar Health (NYSE:OSCR) is a technology-focused health insurance company that offers individual and small group health plans through its cloud-native platform.
Why Is OSCR a Top Pick?
-       Annual revenue growth of 42.6% over the past two years was outstanding, reflecting market share gains this cycle
-       Earnings per share grew by 31.5% annually over the last four years and trumped its peers
-       Free cash flow margin expanded by 19.9 percentage points over the last five years, providing additional flexibility for investments and share buybacks/dividends