SOURCE: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/2062583/000162828026015648/minimedgroupinc424b4.htm
PROVIDER: agent-websearch
AREA: 5
HEADLINE: MiniMed Group, Inc. - Form 424B4 - FY2026
WHY: IPO prospectus with financial detail on the carved-out diabetes business
QUERY: Medtronic diabetes business spinoff MiniMed separation 2026
FETCHED_UTC: 2026-08-30T09:18:34Z

 
 424B4
 1
 minimedgroupinc424b4.htm
 424B4
 
  
 
 
 Document                    Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4)        Registration No. 333-292284         Prospectus    28,000,000 Shares       MiniMed Group, Inc.    Common Stock                    This is an initial public offering of shares of the common stock of MiniMed Group, Inc. We are offering 28,000,000 shares of our common stock.    Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for shares of our common stock. The initial public offering price per share of our common stock is $20.00 per share. Our common stock has been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;) under the symbol &#8220;MMED.&#8221;    Upon completion of this offering, Medtronic will continue to own 90.03% of the voting power of our shares of common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors (or 88.70% if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments). As a result, we will be a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; as defined under the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq. See &#8220;Management&#8212;Controlled Company Exemption.&#8221;    Investing in shares of our common stock involves risks. See &#8220;   Risk Factors   &#8221; beginning on page    44    to read about factors you should consider before purchasing shares of our common stock.    Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission or other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.                                   Per Share      Total      Initial public offering price     $20.00        $560,000,000.00        Underwriting discounts and commissions   (1)      $0.80        $22,400,000.00       Proceeds to us, before expenses     $19.20        $537,600,000.00        __________________    (1)  See &#8220;   Underwriting   &#8221; for a description of compensation to be paid to the underwriters.    We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to an additional 4,200,000 shares of our common stock from us at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions to cover over-allotments.    The underwriters expect to deliver the shares of common stock against payment in New York, New York on or about March&#160;9, 2026.                                                 Goldman Sachs &#38; Co. LLC    BofA Securities     Citigroup      Morgan Stanley                                     Barclays    Deutsche Bank Securities     Mizuho     Wells Fargo Securities       Evercore ISI      Piper Sandler        BTIG      William Blair        Prospectus dated March&#160;5, 2026                                             TABLE OF CONTENTS                       Page        ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS        iii          LETTER FROM THE C  HIEF     E  XECUT  IVE   O  FFICER        v          PROSPECTUS SUMMARY        1          THE OFFERING        31          SUMMARY HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA        33          MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA        39          RISK FACTORS        44          CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS        90          USE OF PROCEEDS        93          DIVIDEND POLICY        94          CAPITALIZATION        95          DILUTION        96          THE SEPARATION AND DIVESTMENT TRANSACTIONS        98          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        100          MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND&#160;RESULTS&#160;OF&#160;OPERATIONS        109          BUSINESS        135          MANAGEMENT        188          EXECUTIVE     AND DIRECTOR   COMPENSATION        198          PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDER        237          CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS        239          DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK        253          DESCRIPTION   OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS        259          SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE        260          MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S. HOLDERS OF&#160;OUR&#160;COMMON STOCK        262          UNDERWRITING        266          LEGAL MATTERS        276          EXPERTS        277          WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION        278          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        F-1           i              Through and including the 25th day after the date of this prospectus, all dealers effecting transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This delivery is in addition to a dealer&#8217;s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to an unsold allotment or subscription.    Neither we nor any of the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus, or any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf. We and the underwriters take no responsibility for, and cannot assure you as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares of our common stock offered hereby, but only under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so.    The information contained in this prospectus is current only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of shares of our common stock. Our business, results of operations, or financial condition may have changed since that date.    Neither we nor any of the underwriters have done anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of our common stock and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States.      ii                ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS    In connection with this offering, we (as defined below) will enter into a series of transactions with Medtronic pursuant to which Medtronic will transfer the assets and liabilities of the Diabetes Operating Unit (as defined below) to us. As consideration for these assets, we will assume the liabilities associated with the assets of the Diabetes Operating Unit and will issue to Medtronic shares of our common stock. We refer to these transactions, as further described in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;The Separation and Divestment Transactions&#8212;The Separation,&#8221; collectively as the &#8220;Separation.&#8221; As part of the Separation, we intend to (i) retain an amount of the net proceeds from this offering such that we will have approximately $350 million of cash on hand, which we will use for general corporate purposes, (ii) use the excess of the net proceeds from this offering over such retained amount to repay (or cause one or more of our subsidiaries to repay) intercompany debt owed to Medtronic under a note, and (iii) to the extent the net proceeds from this offering exceed the retained amount and the principal amount of such note, pay additional consideration to an affiliate of Medtronic for certain assets transferred to us in the Separation. For more information on the intercompany debt owed to Medtronic, see &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions&#8212;Other Agreements with Medtronic&#8212;Intercompany Debt.&#8221;    Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, (1) references in this prospectus to the &#8220;Company,&#8221; the &#8220;Registrant,&#8221; &#8220;we,&#8221; &#8220;us,&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221; refer to MiniMed Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries assuming the completion of the Separation and (2) references in this prospectus to the &#8220;Diabetes Operating Unit&#8221; refer to the business that will be transferred to the Company in connection with the Separation, primarily representing the diabetes business segment of Medtronic. References in this prospectus to &#8220;Medtronic&#8221; or &#8220;Parent&#8221; refer to Medtronic plc, an Irish public limited company, and its consolidated subsidiaries other than MiniMed Group, Inc. and MiniMed Group, Inc.&#8217;s consolidated subsidiaries.    In addition, unless the context otherwise requires, statements relating to our history in this prospectus describe the history of the Diabetes Operating Unit of Medtronic and forward-looking statements assume the completion of all the transactions described in this prospectus, including the Separation.    Trademarks, Tradenames, and Service Marks    The trademarks, tradenames, and service marks of the Company appearing in this prospectus are, as applicable, our property, licensed to us, or, prior to the completion of this offering, the property of Medtronic. The name and mark, Medtronic, and other trademarks, tradenames, and service marks of Medtronic appearing in this prospectus are the property of Medtronic. Solely for convenience, trademarks, tradenames, and service marks referred to in this prospectus may appear without the &#8220;&#174;,&#8221; &#8220;&#8482;,&#8221; or &#8220;&#8480;&#8221; symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, tradenames, and service marks. This prospectus also contains additional trademarks, tradenames, and service marks belonging to other parties. We do not intend our use or display of these other parties&#8217; trademarks, tradenames, or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, such other parties.    Basis of Presentation    We have historically operated as part of Medtronic. The financial information included in this prospectus has been prepared from Medtronic&#8217;s historical accounting records and is derived from the consolidated financial statements of Medtronic to present the Diabetes Operating Unit as if it had been operating on a standalone basis. The historical combined financial statements (together with the notes thereto, the &#8220;combined financial statements&#8221;) reflect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows as we were historically managed, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;). The combined financial statements reflect all revenues, costs, assets, and liabilities that are either legally attributable to or directly associated with our business activities. The combined financial statements also reflect the net effect of transactions with Medtronic, including allocations of certain expenses for services from Medtronic that may have been historically allocated to the Diabetes Operating Unit, including, but not limited to, corporate and shared expenses related to finance and accounting, legal, information technology, human resources, facilities, marketing, insurance, employee benefits and incentives, restructuring and associated costs, and stock-based compensation. The allocations may not       iii              reflect the expenses the Diabetes Operating Unit would have incurred if it had been a standalone company for the periods presented. All such amounts have been deemed to have been incurred and settled by the Diabetes Operating Unit in the period in which the costs were recorded. All of these expenses have been allocated on a basis considered reasonable by management, using either specific identification when identifiable, or proportional allocations determined on the basis of revenue, usage, headcount, or other measures.    The financial information included in this prospectus may not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows would have been had we been a standalone company during the periods presented, including changes that will occur in our operations and capital structure as a result of this offering and the Separation. In addition, the financial information included in this prospectus may not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be in the future. See &#8220;Risk Factors&#8212;Risks Related to the Separation and the Divestment&#8212;We have a limited history of operating as a standalone public company, and our historical and pro forma financial information may not necessarily reflect the results that we would have achieved as a standalone public company or what our results may be in the future.&#8221;    We utilize a 52&#47;53 week fiscal year, ending the last Friday in April, for the presentation of our financial statements and related notes thereto at April&#160;25, 2025 and April&#160;26, 2024 and for each of the fiscal years ended April&#160;25, 2025 (fiscal year 2025), April&#160;26, 2024 (fiscal year 2024), and April&#160;28, 2023 (fiscal year 2023).    Non-GAAP Financial Measures    This prospectus contains certain financial measures, including Organic Revenue Growth, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted EBITDA, that are not required by, or prepared in accordance with, U.S. GAAP. We refer to these measures as &#8220;non-GAAP&#8221; financial measures. These are supplemental financial measures and should not be viewed as a substitute for GAAP financial measures. Although our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures when planning, monitoring, and evaluating our performance, any analysis of non-GAAP financial measures should be used only in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures we present may not be comparable to similarly named measures reported by other companies.    See &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Non-GAAP Measures&#8221; for our definitions of these non-GAAP measures, information about how and why we use these non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.      iv                Letter from the Chief Executive Officer    To our future shareholders,    MiniMed was founded in 1983 by Alfred E. Mann with one bold idea&#58; that technology could do the work of a pancreas. His vision was to make diabetes care wearable, consumer-focused, and life-changing &#8212; automating the hardest parts of managing the disease so people could reclaim parts of their life that diabetes so often takes away. That belief sparked a revolution and guided the team to deliver many industry firsts, including the first pager-sized portable pump, the first continuous glucose monitor (CGM) used by physicians and the first wearable insulin pump integrated with a CGM automated by the first hybrid closed loop algorithm. Indeed, Mann&#8217;s vision and principles have guided every chapter of our story and it is the standard we measure ourselves against today.    For nearly 25 years, MiniMed has operated as part of Medtronic, a global leader in healthcare technology. Our business has evolved from a standalone insulin pump innovator into Medtronic&#8217;s global Diabetes business, delivering a full ecosystem of automated insulin pumps, CGMs, and smart insulin pens that generated roughly $2.7 billion in annual revenue in FY25 with recent double-digit growth. We are proud and grateful for our Medtronic chapter. It allowed us to build deep expertise, scale globally, and improve the lives of millions of people across more than 80 countries.    Today, I&#8217;d like to introduce the new MiniMed. We&#8217;re starting a new chapter that&#8217;s grounded firmly in the company&#8217;s original mission and trusted 40-year legacy that&#8217;s been built over long-standing partnerships with leading clinicians and the many diabetes communities around the world. Our goal is to accelerate the impact we can have as an independent company focused exclusively on helping insulin-dependent people with diabetes experience more predictable control, greater freedom, and better days while achieving strong outcomes.    MiniMed is a full-stack diabetes therapy company that includes integrated CGM, insulin delivery, and dosing algorithms unified in a single experience. The magic is the algorithm and how it brings automation together, delivering best-in-class outcomes with less work for users, and positioning us to lead the hands-free AID era.    Our North Star is to make every day a better day for people with diabetes. This will continue to guide all that we do.    The Invisible Work Diabetes Demands    If you don&#8217;t live with diabetes, it&#8217;s hard to understand the invisible tax it levies on people.    Having Type 1 or insulin-intensive Type 2 diabetes is not just a physical condition&#59; it carries an enormous mental load. It requires a person to make upwards of 180 additional decisions each day, from counting carbs, to adjusting for exercise, stress and illness.    Despite this physical, mental, financial and emotional burden, people are often forced to settle for outcomes that fall short of what they want or deserve. Even highly engaged, diligent self-management cannot fully eliminate the long-term physical risk associated with chronic glucose variability, including complications affecting vision, kidney function, nerve health, and cardiovascular health. Burnout and fatigue are common&#59; when they lead to lapses, even small ones, the consequences can be both immediate and lasting.    Persistent high glucose levels and hyperglycemia drive serious long-term complications and raise the risk of life-threatening events such as diabetic ketoacidosis, particularly for children who face a meaningful reduction in life expectancy when diabetes is not well controlled. Even when people achieve guideline-level control, with A1C below 7% and higher Time in Range, they still face higher risks of complications and more than double the risk of death compared to people without Type 1 diabetes.    This burden also extends to families, clinicians, and the health systems that support them. Everyone spends time coordinating devices, data, and decisions. Even with tremendous effort, today&#8217;s technology still asks too much. It should not be this way, and people with diabetes deserve the best outcomes with the least burden. We are helping to change lives by moving care toward simpler, more automated, and more &#8220;hands-free&#8221; experiences.      v              Ultimately, this is what drove me to join MiniMed in 2022 &#8211; the chance to revitalize our business and refocus for the decade ahead when there is such a monumental opportunity to improve the lives of our customers and lead the industry in a way that is beneficial for all our stakeholders.    Throughout my career, I&#8217;ve been drawn to complex, tech-enabled businesses where data, software, and connected devices can fundamentally improve people&#8217;s lives, from early strategy roles to leading Honeywell&#8217;s industrial software transformation. Those experiences taught me how to accelerate growth by focusing on developing innovation pipelines that reach customers, and lead large, global teams through change while staying grounded in a clear purpose. MiniMed offered the chance to bring that toolkit to a mission that is deeply personal for so many families, and to help accelerate the next generation of automated insulin delivery, unifying sensors, and algorithmic control into a simpler experience that reduces the daily burden while raising the bar on outcomes.    AID Technology is the Turning Point    Automated Insulin Delivery (AID) has become one of the most important advances in diabetes care, and clinical guidelines increasingly describe AID as the preferred standard of care for people who rely on intensive insulin therapy. The evidence is clear&#59; AID helps people improve their time in range, with fewer highs and lows, and with far less day-to-day effort. Yet despite strong clinical results, most people who could benefit from AID are not using it today because systems have historically been complex, onboarding has required too many steps, and technology hasn&#8217;t always worked smoothly together.    The opportunity ahead is to make AID   accessible, intuitive, and easy to live with  .   That is when adoption will truly accelerate.       To understand why AID matters, think of the difference between checking your speedometer and driving a car that adjusts automatically. Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) is like a speedometer. It tells you the &#8220;speed&#8221; (glucose levels), but you still have to drive. MiniMed&#8217;s AID is like a self-driving car. It measures where you are, responds to where you&#8217;re headed, and automatically adjusts and corrects so you can stay safely on course, while easing the mental load of managing diabetes. This is the future we are building.    MiniMed is the only company today that commercializes all three essential components of an AID system &#8212;  the algorithm, the insulin delivery (pump or pen), and the CGM &#8212; on one integrated software platform with a single, unified app. When these pieces work seamlessly together, they reduce the daily burden of diabetes and help people improve their time in range with less effort.     Better Days Look Different for Everyone    We know people manage their diabetes in different ways. Some want a durable pump. Some want a patch pump. Some prefer a smart pen. Some want everything on their phone. There is no single right way to manage diabetes or a single definition of a better day.    Our strategy is built around this truth. Better days takes many forms. Our ecosystem is built for choice, so every person can find the device that fits their life, all within a unified experience that makes starts simpler and day-to-day control closer than ever to truly hands-free. Behind every MiniMed system is a global network of engineers, clinicians, and people with diabetes, united by one idea&#58; Better days should be within reach for everyone.    A Growing Need and a Clear Opportunity    More than   37 million people worldwide   require intensive insulin therapy. The need is large, growing, and deeply underserved. In total, we estimate the current market for our diabetes technologies and other offerings to be approximately $18 billion. This market is expected to grow in double digits annually. Better technology can make a meaningful difference in outcomes, in quality of life, and in long-term health.    Our product portfolio, data foundation, and global footprint position us well to meet this growing need. We frame the opportunity through the lens of Automated Insulin Delivery&#59; when automation, sensor choice, and a single app work together, adoption broadens and value compounds. As an independent company, we will be uniquely       vi              focused on capturing this growth and more aligned with what consumers, clinicians, and health systems are asking for.    Why Independence Matters    Becoming independent gives us room to move at the pace this moment requires. It sharpens our focus. It clarifies our mission. It allows us to invest in the areas that matter most&#58; CGM innovation, automation, user experience, and global access.    Independence also tightens accountability. We will measure ourselves against clear product milestones, operations KPIs, and real-world evidence. Our financial profile, margin opportunities, and long-term growth plan will also be clearer as a standalone company. It provides capital flexibility to fund growth and the shift toward recurring revenue, a large and growing addressable market, and an opportunity to expand access globally. They give us confidence in the path ahead.    Above all, independence helps us serve patients better. More focus leads to more innovation.   And more innovation means more predictable control and better days for the people who count on us.    Looking Ahead    As we become a standalone company, we are rebuilding MiniMed with the discipline of a public company and the relentless drive of a startup. We continue to design our products and brand with the same care that people bring to managing their health. And we are committed to measuring our success not only by devices sold, but by the reduction of the daily burden and the improvements in   Time in Range (TIR)   for our patients.    To the investors joining us&#58; MiniMed has a 40+ year head start since its founding in 1983 by Alfred E. Mann, with a digital technology platform built around real human needs and a dataset comprised of over 430 million datapoints of human glucose and insulin interactions. We are entering the AID era with an integrated, full-stack platform and the scale to deliver a simpler, near hands-free experience. Independence gives us the focus, accountability, and capital flexibility to execute. We are MiniMed. We unlock freedom by making better days an everyday reality for people living with diabetes. Join the company committed to building that future for millions.    Sincerely,    Que Dallara    Chief Executive Officer of MiniMed      vii                 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY    This summary highlights selected information included elsewhere in this prospectus. To better understand the Separation and our business and financial condition, you should carefully review this entire prospectus. You should carefully consider, among other things, the sections entitled &#8220;Risk Factors,&#8221; &#8220;Business,&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this prospectus to the &#8220;Company,&#8221; the &#8220;Registrant,&#8221; &#8220;we,&#8221; &#8220;us,&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221; refer to MiniMed Group, Inc.    Overview    We are a scaled global medical technology company that develops, manufactures, and markets a comprehensive suite of solutions for the management of diabetes. Since our founding more than 40 years ago, we have pioneered groundbreaking innovation and served the needs of our customers across the globe in service of our mission to make every day a better day for people with diabetes.    Today, we are the only player in the market that commercializes all parts of an integrated diabetes management system. This allows us to provide a five-star customer experience&#58; an easier and consistent user experience, seamless integration, privacy and security, optimized performance and reliability, and our pioneering and industry-leading dosing algorithm, based on time in range (&#8220;TIR&#8221;) outcomes in real-world data. This differentiated value proposition is designed to solve two key problems for people with diabetes (&#8220;PWD&#8221;). First, we believe our products deliver superior health outcomes, when measured against European Association for the Study of Diabetes (&#8220;EASD&#8221;) and American Diabetes Association (the &#8220;ADA&#8221;) guidelines, by effectively and measurably improving glycemic control compared to other available treatment options and competing products. By enhancing glycemic control, our products can help reduce long-term complications of diabetes, improve longevity and quality of life, and reduce associated costs to health systems. Second, our customer experience reduces or substantially eliminates the burden of diabetes management for users, their families, their caregivers, and their healthcare providers (&#8220;HCPs&#8221;).    Diabetes is a chronic, life-threatening disease that affects the body&#8217;s production of and response to insulin, a hormone produced by the pancreas that is critical to the metabolism of glucose. It is a global epidemic, with 589 million PWD globally, according to the 2025 International Diabetes Foundation (&#8220;IDF&#8221;) World Atlas. The disease has no known cure and brings with it significant short and long-term health impacts, including risk of serious comorbidities. Managing diabetes is a 24&#47;7 challenge that greatly impacts the overall quality of life of the person with diabetes as well as his or her family. People with Type 1 Diabetes (&#8220;T1D&#8221;) as well as those with Type 2 (&#8220;T2D&#8221;) who require background (basal) and mealtime (bolus) insulin must self-administer insulin multiple times per day and continuously monitor their blood glucose levels to inform their insulin dosing.    We serve PWD who require intensive insulin therapy, which represents all people with T1D and a subset of those with T2D. We address this market by offering various diabetes technologies, including insulin delivery devices (primarily insulin pumps and pens), continuous glucose monitors (&#8220;CGMs&#8221; or &#8220;CGM sensors&#8221;), other consumables, supplies, and related software and services. In total, we estimate the current market for our diabetes technologies and other offerings to be over $18 billion, based on last twelve months ended September 2025 revenue from public filings of leading diabetes device manufacturers as identified by Seagrove Partners. As of the time of this offering, we utilize a dual-channel approach in the United States where we distribute the majority of our products through the durable medical equipment (&#8220;DME&#8221;) channel and only a small percentage of our products through the pharmacy channel, whereas our market estimate includes companies that have broad coverage in the pharmacy channel. Our market is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate above 10% from 2025 through at least 2030, according to Seagrove Partners&#8217; November 2025 market model, driven by the adoption of advanced diabetes management technologies, like ours, which are currently underpenetrated in the market. The primary medical specialists who use and&#47;or prescribe our products are endocrinologists, diabetologists, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and primary care physicians (&#8220;PCPs&#8221;).    Our platform of simple and clinically effective solutions for PWD requiring insulin therapy includes&#58;    &#8226;  Automated Insulin Delivery (&#8220;AID&#8221;) Systems  &#58; Integrated solutions for glucose sensing and automated insulin dosing and administration, delivering superior glycemic control. Our system is composed of an        1               insulin pump that administers insulin, consumable insulin infusion sets and reservoirs, a CGM sensor that measures blood glucose levels, and a Smart Dosing algorithm that is designed to mimic how a healthy pancreas works. In our AID system, real-time CGM readings inform our Smart Dosing algorithm, which provides automatic adjustments and corrections to insulin pump dosing every five minutes based on target blood glucose settings and Meal Detection technology. This algorithm automatically informs insulin administration and wraparound applications, software, and services for users, caregivers, and HCPs, allowing users and caregivers to track and control their treatment through compatible smartphone applications. Our AID systems include our second-generation MiniMed 780G system, as well as our older MiniMed 770G, MiniMed 740G, MiniMed 720G, and MiniMed 630G systems.    &#8226;  Smart Multiple Daily Injection (&#8220;MDI&#8221;) System  &#58; For those who prefer to self-administer insulin by manual injections or seek freedom from on-body devices, Smart MDI systems offer an integrated solution for sensing, dosing, and administration. Our Smart MDI system includes InPen (our Smart Insulin Pen for insulin administration), Simplera or Guardian 4 (our CGM), and wraparound applications and services. Our Bluetooth-enabled smart insulin pens connect with our Smart Dosing software and intuitive mobile app, which can track and personalize insulin dosing suggestions based on CGM sensor readings, including suggestions for mealtime and correction doses.    Today, we are the only company that commercializes all the constituent parts of these advanced solutions for diabetes therapy. We believe that other players in our market specialize in CGM sensors or insulin pumps and dosing algorithms, and therefore need to establish strategic partnerships and share data in order to offer Smart Dosing solutions. We believe that our presence in all parts of the Smart Dosing ecosystem is a significant advantage over our competitors because it can result in a more effective user experience, relieving some of the burdens of existing diabetes technology. Additionally, our data advantage in having both CGM and insulin data allows us to be more effective in developing high-quality products that drive better clinical outcomes, especially in the iterative, data-rich development of insulin dosing algorithms.    Our products deliver differentiated clinical efficacy and customer satisfaction. We believe our solutions have demonstrated superiority over the current standard of care of administering insulin through MDI manually with only a standalone unconnected blood glucose monitor (&#8220;BGM&#8221;) or CGM to inform dosing. An analysis of real-world evidence from a global dataset of approximately 400,000 users demonstrated that 80% of MiniMed 780G users using recommended optimal settings (&#8220;ROS users&#8221;) (16% of all users were ROS users), and 61% of all MiniMed 780G users, achieved &#62;70% TIR. TIR is a representation of blood glucose levels as measured by a CGM device, expressed as a percentage of time spent between 70 and 180 mg&#47;dL, or 3.9 and 10.0 mmol&#47;L. The target for TIR, based on ADA guidelines, is &#62;70%. In addition, in a randomized controlled study, MiniMed 780G showed a clinically significant 1.4% absolute improvement in hemoglobin A1C (&#8220;A1C&#8221;), as compared to the current standard of care as described above. A1C is measured with a blood test and is a representation of the average blood sugar over the previous three months. The ADA recommendation for A1C is &#60;7.0%, or 53 mmol&#47;mol.    A 2024 meta-analysis of competing systems showed that our MiniMed 780G systems outperformed against other competing products on TIR. We believe meta-analyses and comparisons of published real-world data are robust and valid ways to compare the glycemic outcomes of our devices with those of third-party devices. Peer-reviewed meta-analyses with broad acceptance criteria and analyses like random-effects frequentist network meta-analyses provide results with confidence intervals and offer robust statistical conclusions supporting comparison of devices using available clinical trial data. Further, large bodies of real-world evidence offer a strong means of mitigating these biases and normalizing many of the specific clinical and demographic variables that exist in the real-world use of AID systems.    While meta-analysis can provide valuable insights by aggregating data from multiple studies, this approach has inherent limitations. The methodology relies on indirect comparisons, which may introduce biases due to variations in study design, populations, and analytical approaches. Without direct comparative trials, differences in outcomes between interventions may not be adequately assessed, leading to potential uncertainties in the interpretation of results. Accordingly, investors should exercise caution when considering findings derived from meta-analysis as conclusive evidence.       2               Direct head-to-head clinical studies have not been conducted comparing modern AID systems at the time of this offering. Additionally, individual device clinical studies often offer small sample sizes with potential for investigator selection bias, volunteer bias on the part of the participant, and attention bias given the close follow-up during the trial. These biases, which are inherent in industry-sponsored trials, may result in a best-case scenario or non-representative outcome.    We believe our clinical performance is driven by our advanced SmartGuard dosing algorithms, which safely and automatically adjust insulin pump dosing every five minutes. An international group of experts in diabetes technology convened prior to the 2025 Advanced Technologies &#38; Treatments for Diabetes (&#8220;ATTD&#8221;) Congress and recommended establishing a tighter glycemic goal referred to as time in tight range (&#8220;TITR&#8221;). The goal for the percent of time that PWD should be in that range was targeted to be &#62;55% as of fiscal year 2025. The reason that there is a movement to tighten the recommendation is that 70-140 mg&#47;dL range is close to &#8220;normal,&#8221;   i.e.  , where glucose for people without diabetes resides 96% of the time. As of fiscal year 2025, which ended April 25, 2025, the MiniMed 780G is the only system on the market with published data on TITR showing &#62;55% in children and adult ROS users (5.4% of children and 5.3% of adult users were ROS users), and TITR showing &#62;48% in all children and all adults. Because it is a new guideline, TITR has not been consistently reported or addressed in studies assessing the performance of competing systems and therapies. We regularly review the scientific literature and published data of competing systems and determined that, as of the time of this offering, competing systems and therapies do not have published TITR performance data suitable for comparison. Therefore, we have concluded that the MiniMed 780G is the only system on the market with published data on TITR showing &#62;55% in children and adults using the recommended settings.    In terms of user experience, the MiniMed 780G has maintained the number one pump satisfaction in the United States since Q2 2024, according to pump satisfaction survey results from dQ&#38;A&#8217;s Q2 2025 U.S. Diabetes Patient Voice report. Our leading clinical and user performance has earned our status as a recognized and trusted brand in the diabetes space.    We continue to build on this position by developing innovative diabetes technologies that improve treatment and relieve burdens for PWD. Our global research and development function is focused on a number of priorities. We continue to execute on launches of our second-generation AID systems, which began with the European Union (EU) launch of our Simplera Sync CGM sensor in 2024 and has continued in the United States where we launched our Simplera Sync CGM sensor in September 2025. Along with Simplera Sync, we received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;U.S. FDA&#8221;) clearance of our SmartGuard algorithm as an interoperable automated glycemic controller (&#8220;iAGC&#8221;) and MiniMed 780G as an Alternate Controller Enabled (&#8220;ACE&#8221;) pump, which will enable compatibility between the MiniMed 780G system and the Instinct CGM made by Abbott (&#8220;Instinct&#8221;), a CGM sensor supplied by Abbott Diabetes Care, Inc. (&#8220;Abbott&#8221;). We have also submitted for CE Mark approval. Our third-generation AID systems are designed to utilize each of these sensors, and include our smaller MiniMed Flex insulin pump, which we have submitted for U.S. FDA approval and plan to submit for CE Mark approval by the end of the first quarter of calendar year 2026, and our MiniMed Fit patch pump with extended wear, which we aim to submit for U.S. FDA approval by the fall of calendar year 2026 and CE Mark approval thereafter. Bringing together these important hardware improvements is our next-generation Vivera dosing algorithm, which meaningfully eliminates user intervention. With these innovations, we believe we are poised to extend our category leadership, driving toward a future where diabetes management can be &#8220;hands free&#8221; with simple, highly effective insulin dosing technology that safely and reliably delivers appropriate insulin doses and achieves glycemic targets for all.    We operate a scaled global commercial and manufacturing organization with our corporate headquarters in Northridge, California. We are led by a world-class senior management team and global employee base with a reputation for innovation and culture of accountability. Our commercial organization maintains relationships with over 40,000 prescribing HCPs globally, while coordinating our sales process from demand generation and marketing through fulfillment and renewals in the markets where we operate. Our AI-enabled sales force is powered by software such as our proprietary MiniMed IQ, which provides real-time physician landscape insights nationwide and optimizes our account targeting strategy, and third-party tools, which optimize our lead generation strategies and enhance our sales forecasting with predictive analytics. We operate two main manufacturing facilities in California and Puerto Rico, which serve as the backbone of our global operations, covering our manufacturing, distribution,        3               and sourcing functions. We have built up a large base of intellectual property, with more than 2,500 patents and patent applications across our markets as of October 2025.    In the six months ended October&#160;24, 2025 and in fiscal year 2025, we generated $1.5 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively, in revenue, of which 83% and 80% came from sales of CGMs, other consumables, software, and services. We are unmatched in our global presence among our key competitors, with outside the United States (&#8220;OUS&#8221;) revenue representing 70% and 67% of our total revenue in the six months ended October&#160;24, 2025 and in fiscal year 2025, respectively. We are the global leader in insulin pumps by users according to Seagrove Partners&#8217; November 2025 GlobeVIEW Scoreboard, servicing more than 640,000 pump users in approximately 80 countries as of October 2025. In the six months ended October&#160;24, 2025, we achieved Net Loss of $21 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $128 million. In fiscal year 2025, we achieved Net Loss of $198 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $253 million. Our Net Loss represented 1% and our Adjusted EBITDA represented 9% of our revenue during the six months ended October 24, 2025, and 7% and 9%, respectively, of our revenue during fiscal year 2025. We aim to achieve profitable growth with our strategy. For additional information about these non-GAAP measures, including a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, see &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Non-GAAP Measures.&#8221;    Our Market    Overview of Diabetes    Diabetes is a chronic, lifelong condition characterized by the body&#8217;s inability to produce or effectively use insulin, a hormone essential for regulating blood glucose levels. There is no known cure, making proper management critical to avoid serious health complications.     Diabetes is typically classified into two major groups&#58;    &#8226;  T1D is an autoimmune condition which causes the body to attack insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas. It is typically diagnosed in childhood or early adulthood. Since people with T1D are living longer than ever, the majority of people with T1D are adults. Individuals with T1D require daily insulin administration, or intensive insulin therapy, to manage their health.    &#8226;  T2D is a metabolic condition that results from insulin resistance, where the body&#8217;s cells do not respond effectively to insulin, often accompanied by reduced insulin production over time. It is strongly associated with lifestyle factors, such as obesity, inactivity, and diet, although genetics also play a role. In some cases, T2D can be managed with changes to diet and exercise regimes&#59; however, if the condition progresses, more active management such as insulin therapy may become necessary.    Diabetes is a widespread global epidemic that impacts a large and growing population. According to the 2025 IDF Diabetes Atlas, an estimated 589 million people are living with diabetes worldwide, and that is expected to grow to more than 850 million by 2050.    Diabetes Management    Conventional treatment options like MDI can be a burden on the quality of life for PWD. First, these options fail to deliver what we consider to be acceptable clinical outcomes. Second, these options require significant effort from users, meaning PWD have to deal with 24&#47;7 administrative, physical, mental, and emotional burdens.    Outcomes  &#58; Although treatment options are generally widespread, a significant portion of insulin-dependent PWD are not achieving clinically recommended levels of glycemic control. About four out of every five T1D patients use a CGM sensor in developed markets, yet more than 74% of T1D patients in developed markets fail to meet glycemic targets, according to a study by Diabetes Technology &#38; Therapeutics. The study also found that a cohort of people with T1D in 2022 achieved only an 8.4% mean A1C level, well above the ADA-recommended guideline of &#60;7.0% A1C. The same 2022 cohort achieved only a minor improvement versus a 2016 cohort that        4               achieved a mean A1C of 8.7%, despite a significantly higher rate of technology utilization in the 2022 group (  e.g.  , a 45% increase in the percentage using a CGM).    Burdens  &#58; Current options require constant monitoring, decision-making, and interventions by PWD and their families, leading to administrative, physical, mental, and emotional burdens. Examples of administrative burdens include carrying around supplies (glucose tabs, juice or snacks, back-up insulin, needles, lancets, spare sensors, pump supplies, batteries,   etc.  ), reordering supplies, obtaining documentation for travel, going through secondary screenings with airport security, handling insurance, obtaining prior authorizations, and refilling prescriptions, among others. Physical burdens include fluctuating glucose levels (which may cause lethargy, difficulty in focusing, and&#47;or frequent urination), having to eat when not hungry (to correct lows) or delaying meals (to wait for insulin to act), body image concerns (especially among teens and young adults), skin irritation or allergic reactions to adhesives, constant beeping&#47;alerts (especially overnight, disrupting sleep), finger pricks (in the case of self-monitoring blood glucose, or &#8220;SMBG&#8221;), scar tissue, and wearing bulky and&#47;or uncomfortable devices. Emotional burdens result from fear of going low while driving, during meetings, or during solo travel, burnout&#47;fatigue from never being &#8220;off duty,&#8221; and PWD and their families worrying about unexpected episodes of severe hypoglycemia leading to the need for assistance, seizure or coma, and&#47;or severe hyperglycemia that can lead to life-threatening ketoacidosis requiring hospitalization. Between 20% and 40% of people with T1D report emotional distress related to the burden of self-management. PWD also deal with decision-making burdens such as carb counting for proper insulin dosing, which we estimate more than 65% of PWD miscalculate.    Addressing these challenges is key for the success of our offerings. We do not believe a cure to diabetes is imminent, nor do we believe that cell therapies or GLP-1s represent a realistic solution for the large global population of people requiring intensive insulin treatment. Studies show both cell therapies and GLP-1s have been proven to be less cost-effective than AID systems, and still require access to treatments like AID or MDI as a backup matter. Cell therapies for T1D require costly drugs to suppress immune response. GLP-1 treatments for T2D patients requiring intensive insulin treatment may still require the use of glycemic management tools such as AID or MDI for most individuals.    Our Addressable Market    The primary addressable market for our solutions includes people with T1D and T2D who require intensive insulin therapy, as well as people with T2D requiring basal insulin titration. In total, we define this addressable market as the market for insulin-taking individuals. This population requires a combination of CGM or BGM and insulin pumps or MDI. This is our primary market and our core focus because it represents the population of PWD who most value and utilize the technology we provide. Our addressable market is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate above 10% from 2025 through at least 2030, according to Seagrove Partners&#8217; November 2025 market model. Our market exhibits many of the same secular growth drivers as the broader disease population, including prevalence of Western diets and healthcare development in emerging markets. Although smaller than other segments of the broader diabetes market by population size, we believe our primary addressable market has the highest utilization of diabetes management solutions and advanced technology and is the most likely to have reimbursement coverage in developed markets. This is because the patients in our addressable market lack natural ability to produce sufficient insulin levels on their own and thus have the strongest clinical need for insulin therapy to enable the prevention and reduction of life-threatening complications that can occur from insufficient insulin levels (which in turn is essential for reducing overall long-term costs to the healthcare system)&#58;       5               Figure A       Worldwide, according to Seagrove Partners&#8217; November 2025 market model, it has been estimated that there are over 37 million PWD requiring intensive insulin therapy, with approximately ten million people in the top developed markets with the largest diabetes populations, including the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, and major countries in Western Europe. Seagrove Partners also estimated that there are approximately 33 million additional people with T2D who require basal insulin, with approximately nine million people in the top developed markets with the largest diabetes populations, including the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, and major countries in Western Europe. In total, we estimate the current market for our diabetes technologies and other offerings to be over $18 billion, based on last twelve months ended September 2025 revenue from public filings of leading diabetes device manufacturers as identified by Seagrove Partners. As of the time of this offering, we utilize a dual-channel approach in the United States where we distribute the majority of our products through the DME channel and only a small percentage of our products through the pharmacy channel, whereas our market estimate includes companies that have broad coverage in the pharmacy channel. We expect this market size will continue to grow due to increasing adoption of advanced diabetes management technologies, like ours, which are currently underpenetrated in the market. The MiniMed 780G system is approved for use by people with T1D and insulin-requiring T2D in the United States and EU.    Growth Opportunity for Advanced Technologies    We believe the main driver of our market&#8217;s expected rate of growth is increased penetration of Smart Dosing solutions, such as AID, over traditional therapies like unconnected MDI or standalone CGMs. Smart Dosing solutions integrate accurate, real-time blood glucose measurements with technology automation applications, like AID and Smart MDI (software-connected injection device systems), enhanced with advanced dosing software and algorithms. Smart Dosing technologies, particularly AID, are designed to provide an &#8220;artificial pancreas&#8221; solution that dramatically simplifies diabetes management and insulin therapy for PWD. They are becoming the gold standard of care in our space because of their proven ability to improve clinical outcomes and reduce user burden.    The global community is taking notice of the improvement from using AID systems compared to conventional treatment, with organizations worldwide increasingly recommending AID as a first-line therapy. For example, the ADA recommends that AID systems should be offered to youth and adults with T1D early, even at diagnosis. Additionally, the ATTD consensus report recommends AID systems should be considered for all people with T1D,        6               especially those with suboptimal glycemia, problematic hypoglycemia, and&#47;or significant glycemic variability. It also recommends that all payors should cover AID systems along with initial and ongoing training and education for people with T1D. Lastly, International Society for Pediatric and Adolescent Diabetes (&#8220;ISPAD&#8221;) clinical practice consensus guidelines have stated that AID systems improve TIR by minimizing hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia, are especially beneficial in attaining targeted glycemia in the overnight period, and are strongly recommended for youth with diabetes. These technologies continue to improve as well, with innovations like more simplified pump systems, easy-to-use CGMs, and AID algorithms, according to Seagrove Partners&#8217; November 2025 market model.    According to the same market model, most PWD taking insulin in OUS developed markets (defined to include Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, and major countries in western Europe) utilize a standalone CGM with MDI that is not connected to their insulin dosing solution. Similar to the United States, most PWD with intensive insulin needs in developed markets are not using Smart Dosing solutions. Specifically, only 26% of T1D patients (approximately 800,000 out of 3.0 million in total) and 6% of insulin-requiring T2D patients (approximately 200,000 out of 3.2 million in total) use AID systems in these OUS developed markets. Emerging markets show even less penetration of advanced technologies&#58; less than 3% of T1D patients (approximately 300,000 out of 12.0 million in total) and less than 1% of insulin-requiring T2D patients (approximately 140,000 out of 14.0 million in total) use AID systems in OUS developing markets (defined as all markets other than the United States and OUS developed markets). The implication is that the vast majority of PWD today rely on manual, error-prone, and burdensome methods of estimating, calculating, and dosing their daily insulin. There are over 15 million patients currently on MDI that could benefit from AID in the future, according to Seagrove Partners&#8217; November 2025 market model.    We believe that the adoption of Smart Dosing technologies has room for growth. While some existing products may be seen as complex, costly, and not meaningfully more effective than alternatives, this opens the door for innovation to enhance these technologies in ways to better serve PWD and HCPs who prescribe these devices. For example, current AID systems on the market still require manual meal announcements, requiring PWD to estimate carbohydrates, be proficient at using technology or require physicians to make many adjustments to device settings, and attend to administrative diabetes management tasks&#8212;there is potential for a more intuitive, &#8220;hands-free&#8221; experience. Moreover, in the United States, some of the providers who treat this population are PCPs, not diabetes specialists. These PCPs often do not have the specialty knowledge, resources, or bandwidth to prescribe complex devices. This presents an opportunity to simplify these solutions, making them more accessible and easier to prescribe, ultimately enhancing support for both PWD and HCPs.    With advanced technologies to offer, organizations like ours focus on closing education gaps among HCPs and PWD who are less familiar with new technologies. In doing so, we believe companies like ours have the potential to overcome perception barriers around clinical performance and technology simplicity.    Our Products and Offerings    Our Company strives to provide a holistic diabetes management ecosystem for our customers. We provide optionality and choice to our customer base, offering different form factors and treatment options which use integrated service channels that create one point of contact for all customer needs.    Our primary mission is to make every day a better day for people with diabetes. We do this by providing a comprehensive suite of Smart Dosing systems that are easy to use, automated, clinically superior to conventional treatment paradigms, and fully integrated. We are currently the only medical technology company in the diabetes space to commercialize a complete system, owning and innovating on all aspects of diabetes management systems for over 40 years. We offer two types of systems for people with insulin-requiring diabetes&#58; AID and Smart MDI.    Automated Insulin Delivery (AID) System    The MiniMed 780G is our flagship AID system, which we believe most closely mimics how a healthy pancreas functions compared to other options available on the market today. Using our Meal Detection technology, it automatically adjusts and corrects every five minutes, providing as much insulin as needed, and exceeding the internationally recommended clinical outcomes for most patients. We are the first and currently the only company to commercialize a complete AID system comprised of an insulin pump, advanced dosing algorithm, the Simplera Sync CGM sensor, the MiniMed Extended Infusion Set, and the MiniMed Extended insulin reservoir.       7               The MiniMed 780G system has provided unparalleled clinical outcomes and is easy to use for PWD, caregivers, and healthcare teams. A person with diabetes using the system simply glances at his&#47;her glucose and estimates carbohydrates a few times per day and the system does the rest. If the user forgets to enter his&#47;her carbohydrates, the system&#8217;s patented Meal Detection technology automatically corrects glucose without alerting the user or requiring any effort from the user. Minimal to no action is required by caregivers because the system takes care of background and bolus insulin as needed. If desired, they may follow remotely with the CareLink Connect App. Finally, the MiniMed 780G system requires very little set-up&#47;follow-up for healthcare teams. There are only three settings which impact insulin delivery and few, if any, changes are needed to the settings after system initiation. Moreover, the MiniMed 780G system with a seven-day-wear infusion set (based on maximum potential wear time as described in the 780G user guide) and 15-day Instinct CGM is designed to require only six injections per month, compared to as many as an estimated 12 to 18 injections per month when using competing AID systems from Tandem (for example, based on labeling of Tandem&#8217;s insulin pump infusion sets for up to three days of wear and Dexcom&#8217;s G7 CGM for up to 15 days of wear) and Insulet (for example, based on labeling of Insulet&#8217;s Omnipod 5 patch pump for up to three days of wear and Dexcom&#8217;s G6 CGM for up to ten days of wear, as well as data demonstrating that many pump users use an average total daily dose of insulin that exceeds the maximum total daily dose required to make three-day wear with Omnipod 5&#8217;s 200-unit reservoir possible). The 780G system is not only simple for PWD, their caregivers, and their healthcare team, it also delivers unmatched clinical outcomes, helping PWD live healthier and easier lives.    The MiniMed 780G system consists of the following components&#58;    The MiniMed 780G insulin pump   is our second-generation insulin pump, offering enhanced functionality and technological integration with other components of our 780G system. It features a low glucose target setting (as low as 100 mg&#47;dL) that closely mirrors the average glucose of someone not living with diabetes. With this setting, the pump will &#8220;treat to target&#8221; and will automatically and safely deliver basal insulin adjustments and autocorrections to a set target. The pump does not need to be left to charge, as the user simply needs to replace the AA batteries whenever necessary. Additionally, the pump features a companion mobile app that makes it easy for users to discreetly monitor their glucose levels and insulin pump data, receive notifications, and automatically upload data to the CareLink cloud. The product received CE Mark approval in June 2020 and U.S. FDA approval in April 2023.    The Simplera Sync CGM   sensor is an easy-to-use, two-step insertion sensor that is fully disposable, worn on the arm, and can last for up to seven days of continuous sensor readings. It is small and able to be worn discreetly, engineered to comfortably withstand normal daily activity without coming off. Usage and insertion are easy, and the product requires no calibration. The Simplera Sync CGM sensor received CE Mark approval in September 2023 and U.S. FDA approval in April 2025. We believe the improved design and ease of use of Simplera Sync will help accelerate penetration of the 780G system.    The Instinct sensor   is an alternative CGM sensor based on Abbott&#8217;s most advanced single-analyte CGM technology. Instinct features easy one-handed insertion, small and discreet wear, 15-day wear time, one hour warm-up, and no overtape. The MiniMed 780G system is designed to ensure seamless integration with Instinct. The MiniMed 780G received U.S. FDA clearance as an ACE pump in July 2025, and our SmartGuard algorithm received U.S. FDA clearance as an iAGC in September 2025. We have also submitted for CE Mark approval.    The MiniMed 780G system uses our   SmartGuard dosing algorithm technology  , which automatically delivers basal insulin and auto-correction doses every five minutes based on sensor glucose readings. Additionally, every night the algorithm updates to adapt to ongoing changes in user behavior patterns. Compared to other systems, SmartGuard technology is able to dose more insulin safely, early, and often when sensor glucose is trending to higher levels to avoid hyperglycemia without increasing the risk of lows. Up to 288 automatic adjustments can be made on a daily basis. With our Meal Detection technology, the system also uses current and past sugar trends to detect a missed meal dose. When a user forgets to bolus, if the system detects a meal based on the rapid rise in sugar levels, it will automatically deliver correction doses while sugar levels are rising, up to every five minutes, to help bring the user back to target.    As part of the MiniMed 780G system, we offer a broad portfolio of   infusion sets and reservoirs   available to match different patient body types and lifestyle needs. Our latest model is the MiniMed Extended Infusion set,        8               which was the first commercialized infusion set to last up to seven days. This long-wear system eases the burden on PWD, allowing for fewer set changes and decreasing the burden of finding new infusion sites on their body. This set complements our Simplera Sync sensor, as users can replace them at the same weekly cadence. In addition to this model, we offer additional products to meet the diverse needs of PWD. For those with needle anxiety, we offer the MiniMed Mio Advance infusion set with an all-in-one insertion design. For those with allergies, we offer the MiniMed Sure-T infusion set, which uses a steel needle rather than a cannula.    The MiniMed 780G system has demonstrated the ability to significantly reduce burdens and improve outcomes relative to other treatment options available today, earning the highest satisfaction ratings among AID systems according to pump satisfaction survey results from dQ&#38;A&#8217;s Q2 2025 U.S. Diabetes Patient Voice report, and has proven to reduce effort required for many patients and result in a higher quality of life. Additionally, the system has delivered superior outcomes for diverse populations, including high-risk adolescents, the technology naive, and patients new to insulin pump therapy.     In the United States, the MiniMed 780G system is indicated for use by T1D patients seven years of age and older and insulin-requiring T2D patients 18 years of age and older. In the EU, the MiniMed 780G system is indicated for use by T1D and insulin-requiring T2D patients two years of age and older, as well as pregnant women. As of October 2025, we have more than 640,000 customers in approximately 80 countries on the system. We also offer compatibility with our MiniMed Guardian 4 sensor, Simplera Sync, and major smartwatch platforms. The MiniMed 780G system is intended for use with rapid-acting U-100 insulins (Admelog, Humalog, and NovoLog) and ultra-rapid-acting U-100 insulins (Fiasp and Lyumjev) in the United States and EU. In addition to the MiniMed 780G system, we offer prior versions of our AID system including MiniMed 770G, MiniMed 740G, and MiniMed 720G in select markets based on access and market need, which all have a connected CGM and smartphone compatibility.     Smart Multiple Daily Injection (MDI) System    For PWD that choose to manage their diabetes with MDI instead of an insulin pump, we offer our Smart MDI system. Smart MDI helps limit the guesswork typically required for manual insulin dosing to help PWD deliver the appropriate dose at the appropriate time and improve health outcomes relative to patients who only use a CGM sensor. Studies have indicated that our Smart MDI system can deliver a 70.3% TIR and a 13% reduction in hypoglycemic events relative to baseline.    The system is comprised of the MiniMed InPen (a Bluetooth-connected smart insulin pen), the MiniMed Simplera CGM (a user-friendly and fully disposable seven-day CGM), and an integrated management app. The Smart MDI system works by reading the glucose levels of the user from the CGM and recommending the appropriate amount of insulin to take via the InPen. Critically, this is the first and only system available today that tracks and measures both insulin dose delivered and glucose data to deliver personalized, real-time dosing recommendations so that PWD using the system can take the exact dose they need. This system is also compatible with the MiniMed Guardian 4 sensor and is indicated for insulin-taking PWD seven years of age and older. For patients who fear needle injections or desire a more comfortable injection experience, we also offer i-Port Advance, a three-day, simple-to-apply, and fully disposable injection port.    CareLink    CareLink is the software platform that provides support for PWD, their caretakers, and HCPs to help manage diabetes treatment. CareLink aggregates disease management data points, such as real-time CGM readings and insulin dosing logs, to generate actionable insights that can help improve health outcomes. Since the platform&#8217;s inception in 2006, we have continued to enhance its functionality with regular updates.    The CareLink patient dashboard improves efficiency by providing easy access to data to assess therapy management performance at a glance, displayed in a single, interactive view. This includes a 24-hour sensor glucose overview to show users how they are doing in managing their treatment and whether adjustments or changes need to be made. PWD, their caretakers, and HCPs can get updates on key performance indicators, tracking trends and changes in glucose, TIR, extreme glucose levels, and device usage. Using CareLink monitoring data, the My Insights program provides PWD with automated, personalized insights and encouragement, which we expect to        9               incorporate as in-app nudges in upcoming CareLink development milestones. With the patient dashboard, providers can remotely monitor key data points for all their patients in one view, including TIR, insulin delivery, and device usage. This platform simplifies HCPs&#8217; workflow, helping to prioritize which of their patients need the most support and facilitating more efficient allocation of time and resources to help HCPs run their practices more effectively.    Clinical &#47; Real-World Evidence    Our commitment to PWD has always been to create a smarter and easier future for PWD, which has driven our organization to develop what we believe is currently the world&#8217;s best AID system, the MiniMed 780G. The 780G has consistently demonstrated superior glycemic control, clinical efficacy, and cost-effectiveness compared to other diabetes treatment options, including competing AID systems based on real-world data and literature meta-analyses. Additionally, the 780G&#8217;s ability to manage basal and bolus insulin delivery without any action required greatly eases the burden of managing diabetes. The clinical and real-world evidence base for the 780G is robust, consisting of eight randomized clinical trials, nine health economics analyses, over 200 peer-reviewed publications, and real-world evidence based on approximately 400,000 PWD. The breadth and depth of this data reinforces our belief that the 780G is the most advanced technology in diabetes, improving the lives of PWD, their families, caregivers, and HCPs who care for PWD.     &#8226;  The 780G has Improved Glycemic Control versus the Current Standard of Care  &#58; The ADAPT study is the first multi-national randomized control study evaluating the performance of the 780G system&#8239;versus standard of care (MDI + intermittently scanned CGM (&#8220;isCGM&#8221;)) in individuals with T1D who were poorly controlled (A1C of 9% at baseline) despite scanning their glucose levels at least five times per day. At six months of this study, A1C had decreased by around 1.54% to 7.32% for 780G users, compared to a decrease of around 0.2% to 8.91% for users of MDI + isCGM. The use of the 780G system in this study demonstrated the benefits in glycemic outcomes and users&#8217; satisfaction beyond those that can be achieved with MDI + isCGM. Additionally, significantly more users on the 780G achieved the TIR and A1C targets than users on MDI + isCGM. This data supports providing access to our advanced hybrid closed-loop system in people with T1D who are not at target glucose levels. On average, participants using the MiniMed 780G system reported improved quality of life as measured in decreased social worry and diabetes worry, as well as increased treatment satisfaction, impact, and general well-being.    &#8226;  The 780G&#8217;s Superiority has been Further Supported by Real-World Evidence  &#58; Real-world evidence from a global dataset of approximately 400,000 users demonstrated that the 780G can help improve outcomes for people living with T1D by safely achieving glycemic targets. Overall, 67% of MiniMed 780G ROS users (16% of all users were ROS users), and 47% of all MiniMed 780G users, achieved the combined glycemic targets of TIR above 70%, Time Below 70 mg&#47;dL below 4%, and Time Below 54 mg&#47;dL below 1%. Mean TIR was 77.5% and mean glucose management indicators (&#8220;GMI&#8221;) was 6.8% for ROS users, and 72.1% and 7.0% for all users. GMI is a population-based estimate of A1C based on mean GCM glucose that is widely accepted as an indicator in the diabetes industry. The 780G also has consistent outcomes in diverse populations of users across age, gender, geography, and prior levels of glycemic control. In a published longitudinal study of real-world evidence collected from over 100,000 MiniMed 780G users across 34 countries in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (&#8220;EMEA&#8221;), the glycemic outcome results were sustained over a 12-month observation period, which was the clinical endpoint of the analysis.    &#8226;  The 780G&#8217;s Ease of Use Can Reduce the Burden of Managing Diabetes  &#58; The 780G&#8217;s ease of use also benefits people who have no prior experience with pump therapy&#8212;specifically, users who are on MDI + SMBG. Based on a two-center, randomized control study with 37 participants, users who switched from MDI + SMBG to the 780G experienced a 16% increase in TIR to 85%, with significant improvements in A1C levels from 7.05% to 6.7% and in quality of life. 100% of the 780G users achieved ADA-recommended TIR or better compared to only 29% for MDI + SMBG users.    &#8226;  The 780G System Can Improve Outcomes for Diverse Populations of PWD  &#58; The 780G has been proven to work for people across diverse socioeconomic backgrounds, as defined by the area deprivation index (&#8220;ADI&#8221;) score, a composite metric of socioeconomic status based on income, housing, employment, and education. Based on real-world evidence from over 39,000 780G users who lived in the United States,        10               glycemic control results were similar regardless of socioeconomic status, with all ADI groups achieving an average 7% GMI.    &#8226;  The 780G System Can Improve Outcomes for Diverse Populations of PWD  &#58; The 780G has shown to be an effective therapy for diverse groups of people, delivering international consensus-recommended glycemic control. Regardless of age, gender, race, socioeconomic backgrounds, or culture, our AID system has proven to achieve meaningful improvement in glycemic levels.    &#8226;  The 780G System Has Delivered Best-in-Class Glycemic Control Outcomes Over Current AID Systems and Insulin Pumps  &#58; According to a meta-analysis of 28 randomized control trials of people with T1D, 780G users achieved the highest TIR across all users of tested AID systems. In addition to clinical studies, based on published real-world data, the 780G has proven to help its users maintain the closest TIR to a healthy pancreas compared to competing AID systems. A healthy pancreas maintains a TIR of 95%+. Acknowledging differences in patient age distributions can impact sustained TIR results in real-world data, in a longitudinal global real-world evidence dataset comprised of approximately 400,000 users spanning pediatric to adult patients, the 780G system has been proven to maintain a median TIR of 75-78% across pediatric and adult ROS users (comprised of over 65,000 users) as compared to published real-world evidence showing a median TIR of 65-70% across pediatric and adult age groups using the lowest glucose target for Insulet&#8217;s Omnipod 5 (54% of users used the lowest glucose target, and median TIR was 61-66% for all users) and, for Tandem&#8217;s Control-IQ, a median TIR of 72% for all patients and, in a separate 12-month observational study, a median TIR of 61-70% across pediatric and adult age groups. In the same data, for patients using 780G, 80% of all ROS users achieved the consensus target of TIR over 70%, as compared to 46% with the lowest target glucose setting for Insulet&#8217;s Omnipod 5. The percentage of patients using Tandem&#8217;s Control-IQ that achieved the consensus target of TIR over 70% was not specified.    Data for this comparison is based on Insulet&#8217;s Forlenza 2024 study, Tandem&#8217;s Messer 2023 study, and Tandem&#8217;s Graham 2024 study (each as defined in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;Market and Industry Data&#8221;), which we believe are comparable to our real-world data because they are also relatively large real-world datasets with diverse populations spanning pediatric and adult patient ages, but differ in that they are limited to U.S. patients. Additionally, while Tandem&#8217;s Graham 2024 study is longitudinal and discloses outcomes for pediatric and adult age groups, it has a comparatively smaller sample size, and while Tandem&#8217;s Messer 2023 study has a comparatively larger sample size, it is not longitudinal and does not disclose outcomes by age groups.    The P&#246;hlmann 2025 meta-analysis, a systematic literature review and meta-analysis of 34 real-world studies conducted by external researchers in collaboration with Medtronic, evaluated glycemic outcomes across major AID systems. This independently executed analysis included data from more than 635,000 users. The study explores comparative performance outcomes for Medtronic&#8217;s MiniMed 780G, Tandem&#8217;s Control-IQ, and Insulet&#8217;s Omnipod 5 systems, among others.    The P&#246;hlmann 2025 meta-analysis found that the MiniMed 780G achieved the highest pooled TIR, outperforming both Control-IQ and Omnipod 5, while also demonstrating lower time above range and more consistent performance across geographies and age groups relative to other systems. MiniMed 780G ROS users achieved a mean TIR of 79.6%, which was 11.9% higher than the mean TIR of 67.7% achieved by Omnipod 5 ROS users. The overall (using any settings) TIR results showed that MiniMed 780G users using any settings achieved an unweighted mean TIR of 73.8%, which was 13.8% higher than the mean TIR of 60.0% achieved by Omnipod 5 users using any settings. ROS users comprised 6.5% of MiniMed 780G users and 53.3% of Omnipod 5 users.    &#8226;  The 780G Can Be Cost-Effective  &#58; The 780G can be a cost-effective way to manage diabetes and provide both long- and short-term economic benefits to PWD and healthcare systems. An analysis of data sourced from the ADAPT trial showed that 780G could potentially generate long-term savings, versus traditional therapies, of up to &#8364;43,000 per quality-adjusted life year (&#8220;QALY&#8221;) by reducing diabetes-related complications in people with T1D with suboptimal glycemic control. A separate analysis established that use of the MiniMed 780G system was associated with an estimated 2.26 additional QALYs compared with        11               isCGM plus MDI therapy in France, reflecting projected reductions in long-term diabetes complications and improved overall health outcomes.    Innovation &#47; Pipeline and Future Initiatives    Overview    We plan to continue our track record of creating disruptive technologies in the diabetes industry with our rich pipeline including the MiniMed Go, our next-generation MDI system with single app integration&#59; the MiniMed Flex, our smaller, screenless, newly designed insulin pump&#59; our MiniMed Fit patch pump with extended wear&#59; and our next-generation Vivera dosing algorithm. In addition, we received U.S. FDA clearance of our SmartGuard algorithm as an iAGC and MiniMed 780G as an ACE pump that are both compatible with Instinct, an alternative CGM sensor that will provide greater customer choice and flexibility. These low-burden, easy-to-use, and consumer-friendly products are expected to be wrapped around a unique software system that we are designing to allow the user to switch easily between devices to customize their treatment with a desired system solution combining these technologies.    Figure B        We illustrate our historical and future evolution treating PWD with our products in the three stages below. Our MiniMed 670 system with Guardian sensor represented our first generation of products in AID&#8212;products that were first to market and transformed the lives of many PWD but still required some manual input. We believe that with the MiniMed 780G system and Simplera Sync CGM sensor, we are currently in the second generation of products in AID. With our improved dosing algorithm and CGM sensor, we believe we have enhanced the overall user experience. In the near future, subject to regulatory approval, we plan to globally introduce our new insulin pump, our next-generation Vivera dosing algorithm, improved Simplera Sync CGM sensor, and Instinct, ultimately providing what we believe will have the potential to be the best performing and easiest-to-use &#8220;hands-free&#8221; AID user experience in the market.       12               Second-Generation AID Expansion    After launching our MiniMed 780G system, latest InPen system, Simplera Sync, and Simplera CGMs, our remaining second-generation AID initiatives represent initiatives where we plan to leverage our current products, including our pioneering and industry-leading dosing algorithm, based on TIR outcomes in real-world data, and system data, to expand our indications and improve the user&#8217;s sensor experience.    We continue to seek approval for additional indications for the MiniMed 780G system to further expand our total addressable market. For example, in fiscal year 2026, we received U.S. FDA and CE Mark approval for use of the MiniMed 780G system by insulin-requiring T2D patients. We believe the insulin-requiring T2D population is vastly underpenetrated around the world and well-suited for the MiniMed 780G system. For the last twelve months ended October 24, 2025, approximately 40% of new U.S. patients on our insulin therapies (AID or Smart MDI) were T2D patients.    Third-Generation AID Pipeline    With our third-generation products, we plan to introduce a comprehensive platform that will unify our products through a modernized and consistent app that will connect the user, HCPs, and caregivers. We believe this comprehensive platform will help address the different needs and preferences of this population, while simplifying their therapy options and data management to one source.    MiniMed Flex Pump    MiniMed Flex is our planned next-generation tubed insulin pump for PWD. With its reduced size, sleek design, seven-day-wear infusion set, and smartphone control, we believe MiniMed Flex offers superior benefits&#58;    &#8226;  Improved hardware experience and design that is 50% the size of the current MiniMed 780G    &#8226;  Simplified app experience    &#8226;  Access to best-in-class algorithm    &#8226;  Simplified training experience    We anticipate the MiniMed Flex will work with our Simplera Sync sensor as well as Instinct. We have submitted the MiniMed Flex for U.S. FDA approval and plan to submit for CE Mark approval by the end of the first quarter of calendar year 2026.    Sensor Flexibility with Instinct    In addition to Simplera, with our third-generation of products, we are introducing an alternative CGM with our global partnership with Abbott. Abbott will supply us with Instinct, an alternative CGM sensor based on Abbott&#8217;s most advanced single-analyte CGM technology, and will be the exclusive supplier of third-party CGMs for certain of our AID and Smart MDI systems. These systems are designed to ensure seamless integration with Instinct. We received U.S. FDA clearance of our SmartGuard algorithm as an iAGC and MiniMed 780G as an ACE pump, which will enable compatibility between the MiniMed 780G system and Instinct. We have also submitted for CE Mark approval. Instinct is exclusively integrated with MiniMed devices and algorithms and is based on an Abbott CGM that has U.S. FDA and CE Mark approval. The combined solution of Instinct with MiniMed 780G as an integrated system creates a new product offering that expands treatment options for MiniMed users.    We believe integrating Instinct into our AID and Smart MDI systems allows us to expand access for PWD by combining our advanced insulin dosing solutions with the most widely used CGM technology in the world. We look forward to offering our Simplera platform alongside Instinct to bring more choice to PWD within one seamless MiniMed experience.       13               AID and Smart MDI Expansion    MiniMed Go Smart MDI    We are progressing several enhancements to our Smart MDI system with our next-generation MiniMed Go system. MiniMed Go is our next-generation Smart MDI system and is expected to offer&#58; a simple, self-start smart insulin pen&#59; a single, fully integrated app&#59; and full integration with the Simplera Sync and Instinct CGMs. The MiniMed Go app has received U.S. FDA clearance and CE Mark approval.    MiniMed Go will be focused on enhancing and simplifying the user experience, including by providing proactive and predictive dosing recommendations, automating glucose level prediction in the background, and prompting the user to bolus or correct before he or she risks becoming hyperglycemic. We believe MiniMed Go will have the ability to deliver improved outcomes over CGM alone providing an option for those not interested in a pump. In the United States, we expect MiniMed Go to be distributed initially through the pharmacy channel.    MiniMed Fit Patch Pump    MiniMed Fit is our planned patch pump and is intended to offer an alternative form factor to our tubed pump. We expect that MiniMed Fit will offer a discreet, convenient diabetes product with the potential for extended wear time (up to seven days), large reservoir (300 units), and smartphone control. In addition, the MiniMed Fit patch pump&#8217;s differentiated two-piece design operates quietly and reduces waste, with a reusable component containing the rechargeable battery and high-resolution electronics, and a consumable or disposable component containing the insulin reservoir and on-body adhesive.    We believe MiniMed Fit will be attractive to both the T1D and T2D populations given its reservoir size and days of wear. We also believe the product will be positioned to enhance our U.S. pharmacy channel strategy.    Next-Generation Vivera Dosing Algorithm    We are working to extend our category leadership with our next-generation Vivera algorithm which we expect will enable a &#8220;hands-free&#8221; AID system that can safely and reliably deliver the right doses of insulin at the right time with just one total daily dose setting, and without any regular user input. This next-generation algorithm is being designed to minimize the burden of managing diabetes by eliminating carb counting and manual food bolusing while allowing the user to maintain class-leading and consensus-recommended levels of glycemic control, with flexible targets of 90-140 mg&#47;dL. We believe our algorithm will be highly differentiated among the algorithms currently in the market, minimizing input by the user and the provider. In feasibility study data for adults, the Vivera algorithm without manual user input achieved a mean TIR of 73.8%, with 75% of participants exceeding ADA guidelines of TIR &#62;70%. For adult users seeking even tighter glycemic control, the Vivera algorithm with optional user carb counting achieved a mean TIR of 82.3%, with 92% of participants exceeding ADA guidelines of TIR &#62;70%. The adult feasibility study data was collected from 24 patients with T1D currently using AID therapy, assumed to be sufficient to establish feasibility, across two studies conducted in Israel and New Zealand between April 2025 and August 2025. The feasibility study protocols used were not designed to prove statistical significance. We expect to begin the U.S. pivotal trial for our Vivera algorithm in the first quarter of calendar year 2026.    Next-Generation Software and Services    As part of our third-generation AID pipeline as well as our Smart MDI expansion, we plan to simplify the patient and HCP experience through a unique software system to allow users to switch easily between devices. This unified app experience will allow users to transition seamlessly across all of our insulin delivery offerings (tethered pumps, patch pumps, and smart pens) as well all of our CGM offerings, all with a common and familiar user interface both for daily diabetes management as well as for HCP care management. As new hardware platforms are launched, integration into the unified app is expected to follow after launch. This data mobility and portability across all of our products means a patient&#8217;s data, inclusive of their diabetes management history and therapy settings, will go with them and enable interchangeable switching depending on lifestyles and device form factor preferences. This will unlock total therapy management from one smart device plus easy access for care partners in and outside the clinic.       14               Our Commercial Organization    We believe our commercial and service capabilities, scaled manufacturing capabilities, and broad and deep commercial reach provide us with a key competitive advantage among leading diabetes device manufacturers and the ability to realize durable growth at scale over the long term, as improving standards of care proliferate globally.    Our global commercial operations consist of over 3,000 employees as of May 2025. Our customer care and technology support operations represent over 1,100 employees across our commercial functions, with scaled global call centers that support 25 different languages on a 24&#47;7&#47;365 basis. Our reach, access, and relationships within the physician community have been cultivated over decades of strong partnership. We believe our omnichannel B2B2C marketing capabilities, digital and in the field, strong relationships in the diabetes community, and global brand reputation position us as the preferred customer choice throughout the entire customer journey.     Our sales infrastructure includes territory managers who support over 40,000 prescribing HCPs, primarily endocrinologists and diabetes educators, as of April 2025, and who have built deep relationships with key opinion leaders (&#8220;KOLs&#8221;). We consider this breadth to be a key growth enabler in our market, as our engagement with these clinical professionals helps to proliferate broader understanding and appreciation of our differentiated clinical data and user experience.    Globally, the diabetes market is very heterogeneous, requiring highly specific yet broad expertise in order to operate and succeed. A considerable portion of our sales have come from EMEA. This region is highly diverse, where there are nuanced differences in sales process and country-specific factors like tenders, vendor rankings for access, and varying levels of government involvement in procurement, fulfillment, and reimbursement.     For example, in Italy, its national health service delegates procurement to 19 regions and two autonomous provinces, within a tender framework. Across Italy, our business achieved a greater than 95% sensor adoption rate for those customers who used our insulin pumps in fiscal year 2025, and has been ranked as a number one or two leading brand for insulin pump users in each of the 2022-2024 dQ&#38;A Italy Patient Voice surveys. We achieve this through a local tailored approach to HCP advocacy, partnering with around 300 patient groups and 2,000 HCPs as of April 2025, given Italy also limits digital marketing and advertising activities.    In contrast, France delegates procurement, fulfillment, and training to private service providers, with whom we negotiate pricing and supply agreements. These service providers are also the only parties that can have direct patient contact, meaning demand generation activity generally focuses on making our economic case to the service providers and HCPs, while also using more social media and press to highlight our products and brand instead of conducting field clinical sales activities.    Our European commercial organization is large, supporting thousands of HCPs, and boasts a long tenure of experience in the diabetes industry. We have built a large patient advocacy organization inclusive of partnerships with national, regional, and local associations. As of fiscal year 2025, we have developed deep relationships with KOLs, including 60 regional KOLs, over 100 additional country-level KOLs, and a team of patient advisors in the region who help to drive advocacy. We also strategically leverage our large digital footprint in these markets in compliance with country-level regulations regarding digital marketing activities. Customers in EMEA also value our integrated system sale and related wraparound services. We offer a number of digital care management platforms, training, and onboarding tools, and in some countries are able to offer our devices and related services in a bundled subscription offering.    Our Competitive Strengths    We believe the following strengths provide our business with significant, lasting advantages&#58;    Unique and differentiated technology system delivering superior health outcomes and reducing diabetes disease burden for patients    We are the only player that independently commercializes a fully integrated Smart Dosing system by offering all the components required, including the capability to produce pumps and insulin pens, CGMs, other consumables,        15               dosing algorithms, software, and applications, as well as wraparound system support. Our fully integrated system addresses two key pain-points for PWD&#58; health outcomes and complexity of diabetes management.    Addressing Health Outcomes  &#58; Our systems have consistently delivered superior clinical outcomes across diabetes populations, with a robust body of clinical evidence from controlled studies as well as real-world outcomes supporting our ability to improve glycemic control when compared to competing Smart Dosing systems as well as traditional therapy treatment options, including MDI with an unconnected CGM. Driving these better outcomes is crucial to relieving users of the serious comorbidities and health risks associated with diabetes&#8212;renal disease, blindness, nerve damage, and cardiovascular disease risk, among others. In addition to clinical studies, health economics studies have shown that our products also are associated with higher life expectancy and better cost-effectiveness versus traditional therapies. We believe the key to delivering these outcomes is our robust dosing algorithm, which was built with the benefit of hundreds of millions of patient data points accumulated over our years of operation.    Addressing Complexity  &#58; We address complexity by offering a simple solution and customer experience that removes some of the constant administrative, physical, mental, and emotional burdens associated with managing diabetes. We believe our robust and forgiving algorithm is the market leader in effectiveness based on the results of our clinical studies. It can adjust for the occasional missed meals and deliver autocorrections to keep patients in a healthy glycemic range. As the only medical device company that commercializes all the components of a full Smart Dosing system, our solutions are designed to integrate best and work better together. For example, the CGM and pump connect seamlessly without line-of-sight issues. Our customers have a single vendor and point of contact for their technology needs, further simplifying their disease management and reducing burden. We operate scaled global call centers, available on a 24&#47;7&#47;365 basis and supporting 25 different languages, with a single customer service line that handles issues for patients with any element of their diabetes management system. We offer a comprehensive range of treatment options, enabling user choice without sacrificing technological connectivity. Our CareLink software is fully compatible with our insulin pump, smart pen, CGMs, and other consumables, providing a solution for HCPs to manage their clinics more effectively and for users and their caretakers to track their therapy easily.    The global leader in diabetes medical devices with the largest number of pump users, broad and deep commercial reach, and scaled manufacturing capabilities    Among leading diabetes device manufacturers as identified by Seagrove Partners, we have the largest global footprint in our industry, operating in approximately 80 countries, and with more than 640,000 pump users as of October 2025. According to Seagrove Partners&#8217; November 2025 market model, Insulet, Tandem, Ypsomed (now known as mylife Diabetes Care), and Beta Bionics, which we believe represent our closest insulin pump competitors, operate in 16, 23, 16, and one countries, respectively. We deliver on our mission with a well-invested, global, and experienced employee base of approximately 8,000 dedicated employees globally, including over 3,000 commercial employees, and two world-class dedicated manufacturing facilities. Commercially and operationally, our scaled global infrastructure creates a significant barrier to entry, given our decades-long presence operating outside of the United States. We have produced over five million insulin pumps since 2001. We have experience navigating numerous distinct local regulatory and reimbursement regimes and have made a significant level of upfront investment that is required to establish footholds in our markets. As we go to market, we promote education in AID, expand availability of our products in the United States across distribution channels and health plans, and are differentiating ourselves outside of the United States in national tender regimes.    Significant body of compelling clinical and real-world evidence demonstrating our technology&#8217;s superior performance    The MiniMed 780G system has a strong base of clinical evidence, supported by over 200 clinical publications, eight randomized controlled trials, and nine health economic analyses, as of October 2025. In addition, there is a significant base of real-world data and experience as well from users, as hundreds of thousands of people have used our products. Broadly, this evidence supports the superiority of our system against other existing treatment options. Over the years, our products have produced consistent high-quality results for users.       16               Industry-defining innovation track record, skilled global R&#38;D team, and robust proprietary Virtual Patient Model    We have a 40+ year history of demonstrated excellence in innovation. We are committed to making material contributions to improving the lives of PWD through industry-defining inventions, including the first insulin pump with mass-market appeal and usability, the first physician-use CGM system, and the first hybrid closed-loop pump system. We support our innovation mission with a strong base of scientific, engineering, and regulatory expertise. Leading our efforts are over 1,100 research and development professionals who bring a diversity of skills across electrochemistry, electronics, mechanical engineering, software, data science and AI, and consumer electronics and valuable experience in the diabetes space. We have continuously invested in these capabilities and our innovation, deploying $236 million in research and development over the six months ended October 24, 2025 and $1.3 billion over the last three fiscal years.    Over the years, we have accumulated a wealth of longitudinal patient data and experience to support our continued innovation as the only company that has developed and commercialized both insulin delivery systems and CGM systems. Leveraging this proprietary data, we have constructed a robust Virtual Patient Model comprised of over 430 million datapoints from a wide variety of patients that simulates real-world conditions across a range of physiologies. With this Virtual Patient Model, we can accelerate our ability to iterate and virtually evaluate algorithm improvements with high correlation to real-world and controlled clinical outcomes. We believe it is a critical differentiator versus our competition, as dosing algorithms become more complicated and precise&#8212;eventually creating a completely hands-free experience, eliminating elements of user input such as carb counting.    Large intellectual property portfolio, fortifying our competitive positioning    Over our decades in operation, we have accumulated a large body of intellectual property. We vigorously safeguard our proprietary rights through a combination of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, and other legal protections. As of October 2025, we own or have rights to a large global patent portfolio with over 2,500 patents and patent applications worldwide, certain of which relate to various current or prospective aspects of the MiniMed 780G, Simplera CGM, InPen, algorithms, and adjunct products and systems. Protecting our intellectual property is a core strategic focus for our business, as we believe many of our current technologies and those in our pipeline are superior advancements to other products that are available today.     Attractive financial profile characterized by strong net sales growth, high device content per customer, and durable revenue base    Our competitive strengths and execution of our strategy has resulted in an attractive financial profile for our business. We have demonstrated double-digit year-over-year net sales growth in the last&#160;two fiscal years, driven by growing sales of our MiniMed 780G system as well as the successful launch of our Simplera CGM in the EU and the United States and Simplera Sync in the EU. Being the only player in the market that commercializes all parts of an integrated diabetes management system allows us to have the opportunity to generate greater revenue per customer compared to competitors that only offer components of such systems and positions us to grow and take share through commercial execution, particularly with our next generation of products.     Our offerings are designed to generate a significant amount of revenue per pump user. We have a robust global base of more than 640,000 pump users as of October 2025. To this user base, we sell compatible consumable products, including CGMs, infusion sets, reservoirs, and other software and services. In the six months ended October&#160;24, 2025 and in fiscal year 2025, 83% and 80%, respectively, of our total revenue came from the sales of CGMs, other consumables, software, and services, which we believe make our core revenue base durable and resilient.    Highly experienced management team with a purpose-driven workforce&#8212;driving performance with a culture of accountability    Our global organization is led by an experienced, proven, and performance-driven senior management team that manages all aspects of our business. Our senior management team consists of industry and corporate veterans with a track record of leadership both within Medtronic and in other select world-class organizations. This team has a        17               passionate focus on helping PWD, and has been responsible for key recent organizational achievements that put our business on its current trajectory, including the 2023 U.S. FDA approval of our MiniMed 780G system, 2024 CE Mark and 2025 U.S. FDA approval for MiniMed 780G with Simplera Sync sensor, 2024 U.S. FDA approval of our Simplera CGM, and our global sensor partnership with Abbott announced in 2024.    Our Growth Strategies    We aim to generate sustainable and profitable growth through execution of our corporate strategies.    Serve unmet needs with our current AID system generation of solutions by executing our commercial strategy and expanding clinical indications     We plan to continue to drive adoption of AID across our addressable market and additional population segments. In our current addressable market, we are driving sales of our MiniMed 780G system by communicating its clinical efficacy and customer experience benefits to PWD and prescribing HCPs through field clinical engagement, digital marketing, and our other commercial activities. Alongside patients new to therapy, we are focused on upgrading individuals using our prior pump generations, those using competing pumps, and others who are currently using more traditional solutions like MDI. We believe this most recent generation will continue to resonate with customers. Another key growth strategy is to increase our global CGM Attachment Rate, which we believe we can do with our next-generation Simplera Sync CGM sensor.    We also have an opportunity to grow the addressable market for MiniMed 780G through expanded indication labeling. For example, in fiscal year 2026, we received U.S. FDA and CE Mark approval for use of the MiniMed 780G system by insulin-requiring T2D patients. We believe the insulin-requiring T2D population is vastly underpenetrated around the world and well-suited for the MiniMed 780G system.    Leverage algorithm and dosing expertise to drive adoption of our current Smart MDI system generation    In addition to AID, we continue to drive momentum in our Smart MDI system solution. Our dosing algorithm technology and connected Smart MDI solutions help people with T1D or T2D to optimize their daily injections, driving better glycemic control versus other traditional therapy options. Our current-generation InPen with Simplera CGM and algorithm support has been proven to decrease severe hypoglycemic events by 13% in the 90 days after initiating InPen treatment, and by more than 30% among users aged 65 and over. Real-world evidence from a retrospective study of over 1,500 InPen users with T1D across 21 countries further supports the clinical benefits of the InPen system when used as directed. In this study, quicker responses to these alerts were associated with higher TIR. Responding within one hour to over 75% of missed dose alerts or correct high glucose results resulted in a mean TIR of 67.2% and 71.5%, respectively, without an increase in time-below-range (TBR). In summary, almost a quarter of the population of InPen users who consistently responded quickly to the actionable alerts met the established glycemic targets of &#62;70% TIR and &#60;7% GMI.    As we pursue our strategy to drive Smart Dosing adoption for people with T2D, our Smart MDI is an available, attractive option for those requiring basal insulin treatment. As with our AID strategy, we plan to continue to drive uptake through our dedicated commercial functions across our markets.    Expand CGM options for PWD with global Abbott CGM partnership     In addition to our Simplera and Simplera Sync, we are introducing an additional complementary CGM option through our global partnership with Abbott. Abbott will supply us with Instinct, an alternative CGM sensor based on Abbott&#8217;s most advanced single-analyte CGM technology, and will be the exclusive supplier of third-party CGMs for certain of our AID and Smart MDI systems. We believe our partnership with Abbott will allow us to expand access to our advanced AID and Smart MDI systems that deliver best-in-class outcomes with the most widely used CGM technology in the world.       18               Deliver breakthrough innovation with our pipeline including our next-generation AID and Smart MDI solutions     We believe our pipeline is at a critical turning point where our next-generation AID system will create significant competitive differentiation to fulfill our mission of safely and effectively automating diabetes management to deliver a &#8220;hands-off&#8221; patient experience. We plan for this system to provide our customers with much greater choice for AID treatment using new technologies across insulin administration, CGM, and dosing algorithm technologies, in one unified platform and one consistent application for user and HCP experience, all while further reducing patient burdens significantly and raising the bar for clinical outcomes.     Our rich pipeline includes the MiniMed Go, our next-generation Smart MDI system&#59; the MiniMed Flex, our smaller, screenless, newly designed insulin pump&#59; our next-generation Vivera dosing algorithm&#59; and our MiniMed Fit patch pump with extended wear. In addition, we are working to progress Instinct in our global partnership with Abbott. These low-burden, easy-to-use, and consumer-friendly products are expected to be wrapped around a unique software system that we are designing to allow the user to switch easily between devices to customize their treatment with a desired system solution combining these technologies.    Accelerate growth through strategic partnerships and tuck-in acquisition opportunities    As an independent company, we expect to have independent financial flexibility, scale, and access to capital markets that we may utilize to complement our organic initiatives with additional inorganic opportunities when appropriate. We have identified an attractive set of strategic opportunities across potential partnerships and tuck-in acquisitions. As part of this strategy, we expect to continue to pursue attractive strategic collaboration opportunities, such as our announced partnership with Abbott to expand CGM choice and access to our AID and Smart MDI solutions. In addition, we expect to be opportunistic in pursuing growth-enhancing partnerships and&#47;or tuck-in acquisitions.     Drive profit margin expansion by capitalizing on the utilization of our fully integrated diabetes systems    Our aim is to grow our profit and cash flow at a higher rate than our revenues through a number of levers. We first plan to drive sales of our full-system solution to optimize our opportunity to generate greater revenue per customer, compared to competitors that only offer components of such systems, which we believe will translate to higher margins as we sell higher volumes of product. As our CGM sensors, insulin pumps, and Smart MDI solutions continue to proliferate, we also have an opportunity to expand our margins by developing and building out new high-volume and automated manufacturing. In particular, we believe our process for manufacturing our sensors has potential for significant expansion at higher volumes. We are currently working to develop and implement high-volume and automated machine manufacturing lines to expand manufacturing capacity. While executing on these opportunities, we also plan to continue to execute our regular cadence of cost transformation initiatives, which have resulted in cost savings in recent periods.    The Separation and Post-Separation Relationship with Medtronic    On May 21, 2025, Medtronic, our parent company, announced its intention to separate its Diabetes Operating Unit (the &#8220;Separation&#8221;). In connection with the Separation and prior to the completion of this offering, Kangaroo US HoldCo 2, Inc. (&#8220;KHC2&#8221;), which is currently an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Medtronic, will enter into a separation agreement with Medtronic. We refer to the separation agreement, as further described in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions&#8212;Agreements to be Entered into in Connection with the Separation&#8212;Separation Agreement,&#8221; as the &#8220;Separation Agreement.&#8221; KHC2 will also enter into various other agreements with Medtronic that, together with the Separation Agreement, provide for certain transactions to effect the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Diabetes Operating Unit to us and will result in the separation of the diabetes business from Medtronic. Prior to the completion of this offering, KHC2 will merge with and into MiniMed Group, Inc. (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;), with MiniMed Group, Inc. surviving the Merger and continuing as the counterparty to the agreements with Medtronic described below. In addition, these agreements will collectively govern various interim and ongoing relationships between us and Medtronic following the completion of this offering. We refer to these transactions, as further described in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;The        19               Separation and Divestment Transactions&#8212;The Separation,&#8221; collectively as the &#8220;Separation.&#8221; See &#8220;The Separation and Divestment Transactions&#8212;The Separation.&#8221;    The agreements we will enter into with Medtronic in connection with the Separation, which will provide a framework for our relationship with Medtronic following the Separation, include the following&#58;    &#8226;  Separation Agreement   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into a separation agreement that will set forth our agreements with Medtronic regarding the principal actions to be taken in connection with the Separation and govern, among other matters, (1) the allocation of assets and liabilities to us and Medtronic (including our indemnification obligations, for potentially uncapped amounts, for certain liabilities relating to our business activities, whether incurred prior to or following the completion of this offering) and (2) certain matters with respect to this offering and the Divestment (as defined below).    &#8226;  Tax Matters Agreement   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into a tax matters agreement that will govern our and Medtronic&#8217;s respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations with respect to tax matters, including tax liabilities (including responsibility and potential indemnification obligations for taxes attributable to our business and taxes arising, under certain circumstances, in connection with the Separation and the Divestment, if pursued), tax attributes, tax contests, and tax returns. In addition, the tax matters agreement will impose certain restrictions on us and our subsidiaries (including, among others, restrictions on share issuances, business combinations, sales of assets, and similar transactions) intended to preserve the tax-free status of various transactions related to the Separation and the Divestment.    &#8226;  Employee Matters Agreement   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into an employee matters agreement that will address certain employment, compensation, and benefits matters, including the allocation and treatment of certain assets and liabilities relating to our employees, the treatment of outstanding Medtronic equity awards held by our employees, and compensation and benefit plans and programs in which our employees participate.    &#8226;  Intellectual Property Cross-License Agreements   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into two intellectual property cross-license agreements intended to provide the companies freedom to operate in their respective businesses.    &#8226;  Trademark Agreements   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into various trademark agreements that collectively govern our and Medtronic&#8217;s respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations with respect to intellectual property rights in trademarks.    &#8226;  Transition Services Agreement   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into a transition services agreement, pursuant to which Medtronic will provide to us and we will provide to Medtronic certain services for a limited period of time following the completion of this offering.    &#8226;  Juncos Lease and Services Agreements   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into a lease agreement and a services agreement pursuant to which we will provide a long-term lease to Medtronic for a portion of our Juncos, Puerto Rico facility.    &#8226;  Transition Manufacturing and Supply Agreement   &#8211; We and Medtronic will enter into a transition manufacturing and supply agreement in connection with the Separation pursuant to which Medtronic and its affiliates will provide us, on a transitional basis, with certain manufacturing and assembly services with respect to certain products.    See &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions&#8212;Agreements to be Entered into in Connection with the Separation&#8221; for a more detailed discussion of these agreements.    All of the agreements relating to the Separation will be made in the context of a parent-subsidiary relationship and will be entered into in the overall context of our separation from Medtronic. The terms of these agreements, including the costs of any services provided, may be more or less favorable to us than if they had been negotiated with unaffiliated third parties. See &#8220;Risk Factors&#8212;Risks Related to the Separation and the Divestment&#8212;The terms        20               we will receive in our transaction agreements with Medtronic could be less beneficial than the terms we may have otherwise received from unaffiliated third parties.&#8221;    We believe, and Medtronic has advised us that it believes, that the Separation, this offering, and the Divestment, if pursued, will provide a number of benefits to our business. These intended benefits include&#58;    &#8226;  improving our strategic and operational flexibility&#59;    &#8226;  increasing the focus of our management team on our business operations&#59;    &#8226;  allowing us to adopt the capital structure, investment policy, and dividend policy best suited to our financial profile and business needs&#59; and    &#8226;  enabling potential investors to invest directly in our business.    However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve these and other anticipated benefits of the Separation, and the benefits of the Separation may be delayed or not occur at all. See &#8220;Risk Factors&#8212;Risks Related to the Separation and the Divestment&#8212;We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation, and the Separation could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.&#8221;    The Divestment    Upon completion of this offering, Medtronic will continue to own 90.03% of our shares of common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors (or 88.70% if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us). Medtronic has informed us that, following the completion of this offering, it intends to make a generally tax-free distribution to its shareholders of all or a portion of its remaining equity interest in us, which may be structured as a spin-off, in which Medtronic would make a pro rata distribution of our common stock to all Medtronic shareholders, a split-off, in which Medtronic would effect an exchange of Medtronic shares for shares of our common stock, or any combination thereof. We refer to these options, as further described in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;The Separation and Divestment Transactions&#8212;The Divestment,&#8221; collectively as the &#8220;Divestment.&#8221;    Medtronic has agreed not to effect the Divestment for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus without the prior written consent of each of Goldman Sachs &#38; Co. LLC and BofA Securities, Inc. See &#8220;Underwriting.&#8221; While, as of the date of this prospectus, Medtronic intends to effect the Divestment, Medtronic has no obligation to pursue or consummate any further dispositions of its equity interest in the Company, including through the Divestment, by any specified date or at all. If pursued, the Divestment may be subject to a number of conditions, including the receipt of any necessary regulatory or other approvals, the existence of satisfactory market conditions, and tax opinions from its U.S. tax advisors (the &#8220;Tax Opinions&#8221;) substantially to the effect that, among other things, the Divestment will qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 355 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;). The conditions to the Divestment may not be satisfied, Medtronic may decide not to consummate the Divestment even if the conditions are satisfied, or Medtronic may decide to waive one or more of the conditions and consummate the Divestment even if all of the conditions are not satisfied. See &#8220;The Separation and Divestment Transactions&#8212;The Divestment.&#8221;    Upon completion of the Divestment, if pursued, we will no longer qualify as a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; as defined under the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq, and, to the extent we have not done so already, we will be required to fully implement the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq within the transition periods specified in the rules of Nasdaq. See &#8220;Management&#8212;Controlled Company Exemption.&#8221;    Revolving Credit Facility    In connection with the Separation, we have entered into a revolving credit facility. See &#8220;Description of Certain Indebtedness.&#8221;       21               Recent Developments    Preliminary Estimated Operating Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended January 23, 2026     Set forth below are preliminary unaudited estimates of certain financial information for the three and nine months ended January 23, 2026, and actual unaudited financial information for the three and nine months ended January 24, 2025. We have not yet finalized our financial information for the three and nine months ended January 23, 2026, and therefore the preliminary unaudited estimates of certain financial information for the three and nine months ended January 23, 2026 presented herein reflect preliminary estimates based on currently available information and are subject to completion of our financial closing procedures, which we do not expect to complete for the three and nine months ended January 23, 2026 until after the completion of this offering. As a result, our actual results will not be available to you prior to investing in this offering and may vary from the preliminary estimates presented herein. You should also note that additional information on results presented herein will be included in future reports expected to be available only after this offering, such as complete financial results for the three and nine months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025, and footnote disclosures associated with our financial results. If our complete financial results for the three and nine months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025, become available prior to the effective date of this registration statement, our registration statement will be amended to include these results.    The preliminary unaudited estimates of certain financial information have been presented as a range with low-end and high-end estimates which were prepared based on information available to us as of the date of this prospectus. We are providing ranges, rather than specific amounts, as our financial closing procedures for the three and nine months ended January 23, 2026 are not yet complete and actual results may vary from the preliminary unaudited estimates. The ranges were determined on preliminary unaudited estimates of certain financial information based on reasonable assumptions and management&#8217;s reasonable judgment. Our actual results may vary. Factors that could cause the actual results to differ include (but are not limited to) completion of our financial closing and reporting procedures, the discovery of new information that affects accounting estimates and management&#8217;s judgments, and adjustments that may be made through our financial statement close process. Further, these preliminary unaudited estimates of certain financial information may not be indicative of the results for any future period as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the sections entitled &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and &#8220;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&#8221;    Our low-end and high-end estimates of net loss reflect pre-tax charges of $118 million in relation to management&#8217;s approval of a plan to terminate a third-party manufacturing agreement in December 2025. Refer to Note 16, &#8220;Subsequent Events&#8221; to the unaudited condensed combined financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for further information.    The preliminary unaudited estimates of certain financial information presented below have been prepared by, and are the responsibility of, management. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (&#8220;PwC&#8221;), our independent registered public accounting firm, has not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled, or applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the preliminary unaudited estimates of certain financial information. Accordingly, PwC does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.       22               The following table sets forth our key business metrics, including non-GAAP measures, for the periods indicated&#58;                                                        Three months ended           January 23, 2026      January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025       (Dollars in millions)        Low Estimate        High Estimate       Actual      Net Sales      $    790&#160;        $    790&#160;        $    687&#160;         Gross Profit       $    344&#160;        $    380&#160;        $    395&#160;         Net Loss       $    (106)        $    (117)        $    (7)         New Pumps Sold       38,971      38,971      36,894       Global CGM Attachment Rate       67&#160;    %      67&#160;    %      61&#160;    %       Net Sales Growth       15.0&#160;    %      15.0&#160;    %       N&#47;A        Organic Revenue Growth   (1)       8.6&#160;    %      8.6&#160;    %      N&#47;A       Adjusted Gross Profit   (2)       $    434&#160;        $    480&#160;        $    401&#160;                                                          Nine months ended          January 23, 2026      January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025       (Dollars in millions)        Low Estimate        High Estimate       Actual      Net Sales      $    2,265&#160;        $    2,265&#160;        $    1,991&#160;         Gross Profit       $    1,140&#160;        $    1,260&#160;        $    1,123&#160;         Net Loss       $    (126)        $    (139)        $    (30)         New Pumps Sold       103,008      103,008      102,342       Global CGM Attachment Rate       66&#160;    %      66&#160;    %      59&#160;    %       Net Sales Growth       13.7&#160;    %      13.7&#160;    %       N&#47;A        Organic Revenue Growth   (1)       7.8&#160;    %      7.8&#160;    %       N&#47;A        Adjusted Gross Profit   (2)       $    1,235&#160;        $    1,366&#160;        $    1,162&#160;         _________________    (1)  Organic Revenue Growth measures our revenue growth trends excluding the impacts of foreign currency rate fluctuations and adjustments to the Company&#8217;s Italian payback accrual for certain years since 2015. For additional information about our non-GAAP measures, see &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures.&#8221;    (2)  We define Adjusted Gross Profit as U.S. GAAP gross profit, excluding amortization of intangible assets and certain non-operational items. For additional information about our non-GAAP measures, see &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Non-GAAP Financial Measures.&#8221;    Net Sales     The table below includes our net sales by product category for the three months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                          Three months ended                 January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025       Change        (Dollars in millions)      Estimated         Actual         Amount        Percent       Pumps    $    151&#160;        $    136&#160;        $    15&#160;        10.8&#160;    %       Consumables     244&#160;        213&#160;        31&#160;        14.6&#160;        CGM    390&#160;        330&#160;        61&#160;        18.4&#160;         Other   (1)     5&#160;        8&#160;        (3)        (37.7)        Total    $    790&#160;        $    687&#160;        $    103&#160;        15.0&#160;    %       __________________    (1)  Primarily includes net sales generated from the sale of smart insulin pens and services.        23               The table below includes net sales by market geography for the three months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                            Three months ended                 January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025       Change        (Dollars in millions)      Estimated         Actual         Amount        Percent        U.S.   (1)     $    242&#160;        $    231&#160;        $    11&#160;        4.7&#160;    %       International   (2)     548&#160;        456&#160;        92&#160;        20.3&#160;        Total    $    790&#160;        $    687&#160;        $    103&#160;        15.0&#160;    %       __________________    (1)  U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories.    (2)  International includes all other non-U.S. countries.    Net sales for the three months ended January 23, 2026 is expected to be $790 million as compared to $687 million for the three months ended January 24, 2025, growing 20% internationally and 5% in the United States. The expected net sales growth is the result of increased volumes. The expected international net sales growth is the result of 12% growth in pumps, 20% growth in consumables, 26% growth in CGM   and favorable foreign currency exchange f  luctuations. The expected sales performance in the United States is the result of 8% growth in pumps, a 1% decline in consumables, and 6% growth in CGM.     Pump sales are expected to grow 10.8% for the three months ended January 23, 2026. We experienced continued growth of 12% in international pump sales since the launch of the Simplera CGM in Europe in fiscal year 2025. Following the launch of Simplera and Instinct CGM in the United States in the third quarter of fiscal year 2026, domestic pump sales returned to growth and are expected to increase 8% for the three months ended January 23, 2026, as compared to the three months ended January 24, 2025.    Consumables sales are expected to increase 14.6% for the three months ended January 23, 2026, resulting from expected 20% growth internationally. Our expected international growth is the result of increased volume of patients using our AID systems which require frequent replacement of the infusion sets and reservoirs for uninterrupted operation. The increase in the volume of patients using our AID systems in international markets is due to the competitive strength of the MiniMed 780G system which has enabled us to attract new patients as well as retain our existing patient base.    CGM sales are expected to increase 18.4% for the three months ended January 23, 2026, as a result of continued increase in the CGM Attachment Rate, which rose from 61% in the three months ended January 24, 2025, to 67% in the three months ended January 23, 2026. Higher CGM Attachment Rate and pump user base in international markets is expected to result in 26% growth in international CGM sales which is primarily attributable to the introduction of the Simplera CGM in Europe in fiscal year 2025. The Simplera CGM is our first disposable, all-in-one CGM and approximately half the size of previous CGMs. The discreet design simplifies the insertion and wear experience. U.S. CGM sales is expected to grow 6% during the three months ended January 23, 2026, as a result of a sustained upward trend in CGM Attachment Rate. We have experienced a sustained upward trend in CGM Attachment Rate in the United States since the launch of the MiniMed 780G system in fiscal year 2024 as the automation algorithm is only compatible with our MiniMed CGMs.        24               The table below includes our net sales by product category for the nine months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                           Nine months ended                  January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025      Change      (Dollars in millions)    Estimated       Actual       Amount      Percent      Pumps    $    401&#160;        $    387&#160;        $    14&#160;        3.6&#160;    %      Consumables    707&#160;        632&#160;        75&#160;        11.9&#160;        CGM    1,133&#160;        968&#160;        165&#160;        17.0&#160;         Other   (1)     24&#160;        4&#160;        20&#160;         NM   (2)       Total    $    2,265&#160;        $    1,991&#160;        $    274&#160;        13.7&#160;    %       __________________    (1)  Primarily includes net sales generated from the sale of smart insulin pens and services. Also reflects adjustments to the Company&#8217;s Italian payback accruals resulting from the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court of Italy and the Legislative Decree published by the Italian government on June 30, 2025 for certain prior years since 2015. Refer to Note 13, &#8220;Commitments and Contingencies,&#8221; to the unaudited condensed combined financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for further information.     (2)  Not meaningful    The table below presents our net sales by market geography for the nine months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                            Nine months ended                 January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025       Change        (Dollars in millions)      Estimated         Actual         Amount        Percent        U.S.   (1)     $    679&#160;        $    668&#160;        $    10&#160;        1.5&#160;    %       International   (2)     1,586&#160;        1,323&#160;        263&#160;        19.9&#160;        Total    $    2,265&#160;        $    1,991&#160;        $    274&#160;        13.7&#160;    %       __________________    (1)  U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories.    (2)  International includes all other non-U.S. countries.    We expect net sales for the nine months ended January 23, 2026 to be $2,265 million as compared to $1,991 million for the nine months ended January 24, 2025, growing 19.9% internationally and 1.5% in the United States. The expected net sales growth is primarily the result of increased volumes. The expected international net sales growth is the result of 11% growth in pumps, 16% growth in consumables, 22% growth in CGM, changes in the Company&#8217;s Italian payback accrual, and favorable impacts of foreign currency fluctuations. The expected sales performance in the United States is the result of a 7% decline in pumps, a 1% decline in consumables, and 7% growth in CGM. For the nine months ended January 23, 2026, the impact of the Italian payback adjustment resulted in an increase to net sales of $7 million as compared to a decrease in net sales of $20 million for the nine months ended January 24, 2025 due to changes in estimates relating to our Italian payback accrual resulting from the two July 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court and the Legislative Decree published by the Italian government in June 2025 and formalized into law in August 2025 for certain prior years since 2015.    Pump sales are expected to grow 3.6% for the nine-months ended January 23, 2026. While we experienced continued growth of 11% in international pump sales following the launch of the Simplera CGM in Europe in fiscal year 2025, we experienced a 7% decline in the United States due to the delayed launch of Simplera CGM and increased competition. The delayed launch of Simplera CGM in the United States resulted in a competitive disadvantage and limited our ability to grow NPS in the first half of fiscal year 2026. However, following the launch of Simplera and Instinct CGM in the United States in the third quarter of fiscal year 2026, domestic pump sales returned to growth, reducing year-to-date pump sales decline to 7% for the nine months ended January 23, 2026   versus a 15% decline for the six months ended October 24, 2025.      Consumables sales are expected to increase 11.9% for the nine months ended January 23, 2026, as a result of 16% growth internationally and 1% decline in the United States. Our expected international growth is the result of increased volume of patients using our AID systems which require frequent replacement of the infusion sets and        25               reservoirs for uninterrupted operation. The increase in the volume of patients using our AID systems in international markets is due to the competitive strength of the MiniMed 780G system which has enabled us to attract new patients as well as retain our existing patient base. Fewer NPS in the United States resulted in reduced consumables sales in the nine months ended January 23, 2026.    CGM sales are expected to increase 17.0% for the nine months ended January 23, 2026, as a result of the continued increase in the CGM Attachment Rate, which rose from 59% in the nine months ended January 24, 2025, to 66% in the nine months ended January 23, 2026. Higher CGM Attachment Rate and pump user base in international markets drove 22% growth in international CGM sales which is primarily attributable to the introduction of the Simplera CGM in Europe in fiscal year 2025. The Simplera CGM is our first disposable, all-in-one CGM and approximately half the size of previous CGMs. The discreet design simplifies the insertion and wear experience. CGM sales in the United States are expected to grow 7% as a result of a sustained upward trend in CGM Attachment Rate and the launch of Simplera and Instinct CGM in the third quarter of fiscal year 2026. We have experienced a sustained upward trend in CGM Attachment Rate in the United States since the launch of the MiniMed 780G system in fiscal year 2024 as the automation algorithm is only compatible with our MiniMed CGMs.     Organic Revenue Growth    The table below presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net sales to Organic Revenue Growth for the three months ended January 23, 2026, and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                                                                            Three months ended          Reported net sales        Adjustments        Organic revenue          Estimate        Actual            Estimate        Actual        Estimate        Actual            (Dollars in millions)     January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025      Growth       January 23, 2026   (3)       January 24, 2025       January 23, 2026   (3)       January 24, 2025      Growth       U.S.   (1)     $    242&#160;        $    231&#160;        4.7&#160;    %      $    &#8212;&#160;        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    242&#160;        $    231&#160;        4.7&#160;    %       International   (2)     548&#160;        456&#160;        20.3&#160;        44&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        504&#160;        456&#160;        10.5&#160;    %       Total     $    790&#160;        $    687&#160;        15.0&#160;    %      $    44&#160;        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    746&#160;        $    687&#160;        8.6&#160;    %       ________________    (1)  U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories.    (2)  International includes all other non-U.S. countries.    (3)  The three months ended January 23, 2026 excludes $44 million of revenue adjustments related to favorable currency impact on net sales. The currency impact to net sales measures the change in net sales between current and prior year periods using constant exchange rates.    The table below presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net sales to Organic Revenue Growth for the nine months ended January 23, 2026, and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                                                                            Nine months ended          Reported net sales        Adjustments        Organic revenue          Estimate        Actual            Estimate        Actual        Estimate        Actual            (Dollars in millions)     January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025      Growth       January 23, 2026   (3)        January 24, 2025   (4)        January 23, 2026   (3)        January 24, 2025   (4)       Growth       U.S.   (1)     $    679&#160;        $    668&#160;        1.5&#160;    %      $    &#8212;&#160;        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    679&#160;        $    668&#160;        1.5&#160;    %       International   (2)     1,586&#160;        1,323&#160;        19.9&#160;        97&#160;        (20)        1,489&#160;        1,343&#160;        10.9&#160;    %       Total     $    2,265&#160;        $    1,991&#160;        13.7&#160;    %      $    97&#160;        $    (20)        $    2,168&#160;        $    2,012&#160;        7.8&#160;    %       ________________    (1)  U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories.    (2)  International includes all other non-U.S. countries.    (3)  The nine months ended January 23, 2026 excludes $97 million of revenue adjustments, including $7 million reduction in the Italian payback accruals due to changes in estimates as a result of the Legislative Decree published by the Italian government on June 30, 2025 for years 2015 to 2018 and $90 million of favorable currency impact on the remaining net sales. The currency impact to net sales measures the change in net sales between current and prior year periods using constant exchange rates.    (4)  The nine months ended January 24, 2025 excludes $20 million of revenue adjustments related to incremental Italian payback accruals as a result of the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court of Italy for certain prior years since 2015.       26               Adjusted Gross Profit    The table below presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP gross profit to Adjusted Gross Profit for the three months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                Three months ended         January 23, 2026      January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025       (Dollars in millions)     Low estimate      High estimate      Actual      Gross profit    $    344&#160;        $    380&#160;        $    395&#160;        Adjustments&#58;                 Restructuring and associated costs   (1)     85&#160;        94&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        Amortization of intangible assets    6&#160;        6&#160;        6&#160;                                     Adjusted Gross Profit (Non-GAAP)        $    434&#160;        $    480&#160;        $    401&#160;         ________________    (1)  Primarily relates to asset write-offs associated with the December 2025 plan to terminate a third-party manufacturing agreement.    The table below presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP gross profit to Adjusted Gross Profit for the nine months ended January 23, 2026 and January 24, 2025&#58;                                                Nine months ended         January 23, 2026      January 23, 2026      January 24, 2025       (Dollars in millions)     Low estimate      High estimate      Actual      Gross profit    $    1,140&#160;        $    1,260&#160;        $    1,123&#160;        Adjustments&#58;                 Restructuring and associated costs   (1)     85&#160;        94&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        Amortization of intangible assets    17&#160;        19&#160;        18&#160;         Other adjustments   (2)     (7)        (7)        20&#160;         Costs to comply with medical device regulations   (3)     &#8212;&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        1&#160;         Adjusted Gross Profit (Non-GAAP)        $    1,235&#160;        $    1,366&#160;        $    1,162&#160;         __________________    (1)  Primarily relates to asset write-offs associated with the December 2025 plan to terminate a third-party manufacturing agreement.    (2)  Reflects adjustments to the Company&#8217;s Italian payback accruals resulting from the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court and the Legislative Decree published by the Italian government on June 30, 2025 for certain prior years since 2015.    (3)  The charges represent incremental costs of complying with the new European Union medical device regulations for previously registered products and primarily include charges for contractors supporting the project and other direct third-party expenses. We consider these costs to be duplicative of previously incurred costs and&#47;or one-time costs, which are limited to a specific time period.       27                 Summary of Risk Factors    An investment in shares of our common stock is subject to a number of risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. The following list contains a summary of some, but not all, of these risks. You should consider the risks listed below and other risks, which are discussed in more detail in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;Risk Factors,&#8221; before making an investment decision to purchase shares of our common stock.    Business and Operational Risks    &#8226;  We operate in a highly competitive industry and we may be unable to compete effectively. Our success depends on our ability to differentiate our products and keep pace with emerging technologies.    &#8226;  Competing products, therapeutic techniques, or other technological developments and breakthroughs for the monitoring, treatment, or prevention of diabetes may render our products obsolete or less desirable.    &#8226;  We have experienced, and may continue to experience, pricing pressure for our products.    &#8226;  We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, challenges or delays in the development and manufacturing of new products.    &#8226;  We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a reduction or an interruption in supply or other manufacturing difficulties, including in connection with our Simplera CGMs and certain other products.    &#8226;  We are subject to additional risks associated with our reliance on sole suppliers.    &#8226;  Our products may not achieve or maintain market acceptance.    &#8226;  We may fail to expand or maintain an effective sales force, predict and adapt to changes in markets, or develop and maintain relationships with HCPs or intermediaries to market and sell our products.    &#8226;  Interim, &#8220;top-line,&#8221; and preliminary data from clinical trials that we announce or publish may change as more patient data become available or as a result of audit and verification procedures.    &#8226;  Future market or clinical studies may be unfavorable to our products and their efficacy.    &#8226;  We are subject to a variety of risks associated with global operations.    &#8226;  We are subject to risks relating to coverage or reimbursement for our products.    &#8226;  We undertake research and development efforts, make investments, and enter into arrangements with third parties that may not successfully develop viable products or generate future revenues.    &#8226;  We may fail to integrate any acquired businesses into our operations successfully or may experience challenges related to our strategic initiatives, including divestitures and third-party funding arrangements.    Legal and Regulatory Risks    &#8226;  We are subject to extensive, complex, and changing laws and governmental regulations, including U.S. and international tax laws and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the &#8220;U.S. FCPA&#8221;) and similar international anti-corruption laws.    &#8226;  We have been, and may in the future become, subject to, or involved in, adverse regulatory action, litigation, and arbitration, including those stemming from third-party conduct beyond our control.    &#8226;  We have been and are subject to risks relating to quality problems and improper promotion of our products.    &#8226;  We are substantially dependent on patent and other proprietary rights, and failing to protect such rights may negatively impact our ability to sell current or future products.       28               &#8226;  We rely on the proper function, security, and availability of our information technology systems and data to operate our business and comply with privacy and data protection regulations.    &#8226;  We are subject to environmental, health, and safety (&#8220;EHS&#8221;) laws and regulations that may increase costs, impact or limit business plans, or expose us to environmental liabilities, violations, and litigation.    Risks Related to the Separation and Divestment    &#8226;  We have a limited history of operating as a standalone public company and will incur incremental costs as a result.    &#8226;  We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation, the Separation could adversely affect our business, and we may have difficulty separating our assets or operations from Medtronic.    &#8226;  Our rebranding strategy in connection with the Separation will involve substantial costs and may not produce the intended benefits.    &#8226;  We will incur significant charges in connection with the Separation.    &#8226;  We may face restrictions on our business, potential tax and indemnification liabilities, and substantial charges in connection with the Separation, the Divestment, and related transactions.    &#8226;  We may face difficulty and incur incremental costs related to the hiring and retention of an appropriately qualified employee workforce.    Risks Related to Our Relationship with Medtronic    &#8226;  We will be a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; as defined under the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq.    &#8226;  Medtronic will continue to control the direction of our business, and the distribution of Medtronic&#8217;s remaining equity interest in us may not occur, or Medtronic may privately sell a sufficiently large equity interest in us to a third party that could result in a change of control of us.    &#8226;  Medtronic may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that will be executed as part of the Separation, or we may fail to have replacement systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire.    &#8226;  Certain of our executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest.    &#8226;  We may have reached better terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms we will receive in our agreements with Medtronic.    Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock    &#8226;  We cannot be certain that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained following the completion of this offering.    &#8226;  The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly.    &#8226;  The Divestment, if pursued, or future sales by Medtronic or other holders of shares of our common stock, or the perception that the Divestment or such sales may occur, including following the expiration of the lock-up period, could cause the price of our common stock to decline.    &#8226;  We do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.    As noted above, any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.       29                 Corporate Information    We were incorporated in Delaware on February 27, 2025 in connection with the Separation and were formed to ultimately hold, directly or indirectly, the Diabetes Operating Unit. We were incorporated with nominal capital and prior to the Separation have no material assets or liabilities and expect our operational activities to be limited to those required to execute the planned Separation. Prior to the completion of this offering, we are a wholly owned subsidiary of Medtronic and all of our outstanding shares of common stock are owned by Medtronic. Our principal executive offices are located at 18000 Devonshire St., Northridge, CA 91325, and our telephone number is (763) 514-4000. Our website address is www.minimed.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into, this prospectus, and you should not rely on any such information in making an investment decision to purchase shares of our common stock. We have included our website address only as an inactive textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website.       30                      THE OFFERING                      Common stock offered by us in this offering  &#160;      28,000,000 shares (or 32,200,000 shares if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments).              Common stock to be outstanding upon completion of this offering  &#160;      280,813,348 shares (or 285,013,348 shares if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments).              Common stock to be held by Medtronic upon completion of this offering  &#160;      252,813,348 shares.              Underwriters&#8217; option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments  &#160;      We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 4,200,000 additional shares of our common stock from us at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions to cover over-allotments.              Use of proceeds  &#160;      We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately $538 million (or approximately $618 million if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments) after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. As part of the Separation, we intend to (i) retain an amount of the net proceeds from this offering such that we will have approximately $350 million of cash on hand, which we will use for general corporate purposes, (ii) use the excess of the net proceeds from this offering over such retained amount to repay (or cause one or more of our subsidiaries to repay) intercompany debt owed to Medtronic under a note, and (iii) to the extent the net proceeds from this offering exceed the retained amount and the principal amount of such note, pay additional consideration to an affiliate of Medtronic for certain assets transferred to us in the Separation.              Dividend policy  &#160;      We do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings in the foreseeable future, if any, will be used for the operation and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness, general economic business conditions, industry practice, legal requirements, and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. See &#8220;Risk Factors&#8212;Risks Related to This Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock&#8212;We do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. As a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the market price of our common stock.&#8221; and &#8220;Dividend Policy.&#8221;                 31                                 Controlled company         Upon completion of this offering, Medtronic will own 90.03% of the voting power of our shares of common stock eligible to vote in the election of our directors (or 88.70% if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments). As a result, we will be a &#8220;controlled company&#8221; as defined under the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq and, therefore, will qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. See &#8220;Management&#8212;Controlled Company Exemption.&#8221;    We intend to avail ourselves of the &#8220;controlled company&#8221; exemption under the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq. Accordingly, we will not be required to have a majority of &#8220;independent directors&#8221; on our board of directors as defined under the rules of Nasdaq.                As long as Medtronic beneficially owns a majority of the voting power of our outstanding shares of common stock, Medtronic will generally be able to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, without the approval of our other stockholders. See &#8220;Risk Factors&#8212;Risks Related to Our Relationship with Medtronic&#8212;Following the completion of this offering, Medtronic will continue to control the direction of our business, and the concentrated ownership of our common stock may prevent you and other stockholders from influencing significant decisions.&#8221;              Proposed listing and symbol         Our common stock has been approved for listing on Nasdaq under the symbol &#8220;MMED.&#8221;              Risk factors         You should read the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;   Risk Factors   &#8221; beginning on page    44    for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before making an investment decision to purchase shares of our common stock.        Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to the number and percentage of shares of our common stock to be outstanding upon completion of this offering are based on 280,813,348 shares of our common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering.    Unless otherwise indicated, the information presented in this prospectus&#58;    &#8226;  gives effect to the transactions described under &#8220;The Separation and Divestment Transactions&#8212;The Separation&#8221;&#59;    &#8226;  gives effect to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which will be in effect prior to the completion of this offering and forms of which have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part&#59;    &#8226;  assumes no exercise of the underwriters&#8217; option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments&#59;    &#8226;  excludes an aggregate number of shares of our common stock equal to 15% of our outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of this offering that we expect to reserve for issuance under our proposed equity incentive plan and employee stock purchase plan&#59; and    &#8226;  excludes any shares of our common stock that may become issued pursuant to Medtronic equity awards that may be converted into equity awards with respect to shares of our common stock. See  &#8220;Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions&#8212;Employee Matters Agreement&#8212;Equity Incentive Compensation.&#8221;       32                 SUMMARY HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    The summary historical audited combined statement of operations data and combined statement of cash flows data for the fiscal years ended April&#160;25, 2025, April&#160;26, 2024, and April&#160;28, 2023 and the summary historical combined balance sheet data as of April 25, 2025 and April 26, 2024 have been derived from our audited combined financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary historical unaudited condensed combined statement of operations data and unaudited condensed combined statement of cash flows data for the six months ended October 24, 2025 and October 25, 2024 and the summary historical unaudited condensed combined balance sheet data as of October 24, 2025 have been derived from our unaudited condensed combined financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus.    All revenues, costs, assets, and liabilities that are either legally attributable to or directly associated with our business activities are included in the combined financial statements herein. Also, the Company has historically functioned together with other businesses controlled by Medtronic. Accordingly, the Company relied on Medtronic&#8217;s corporate and other support functions for its business and certain corporate and shared expenses have been allocated, including, but not limited to, finance and accounting, legal, information technology, human resources, facilities, warehousing, distribution, logistics, marketing, insurance, employee benefits and incentives, restructuring and associated costs, and stock-based compensation. However, the allocations may not reflect the expenses the Company would have incurred if the Company had been a standalone company for the periods presented. All such amounts have been deemed to have been incurred and settled by the Company in the period in which the costs were recorded and are included in Net investment from Parent. All of these expenses have been allocated on a basis considered reasonable by management, using either specific identification when identifiable, or proportional allocations determined on the basis of revenue, usage, headcount, or other measures. Management considers the basis on which these expenses have been allocated to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of such services by the Company.    The historical combined financial data below is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; as well as our combined financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The historical combined financial data may not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows would have been had we been a standalone company during the periods presented, including changes that will occur in our operations and capital structure as a result of this offering and the Separation. In addition, the historical combined financial data may not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be in the future.    The summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet data at October 24, 2025 and statement of operations data for the six months ended October 24, 2025 and for the fiscal year ended April&#160;25, 2025 have been derived from our unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements included in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.&#8221; The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been derived from our historical unaudited condensed combined statement of loss for the six months ended October 24, 2025, our historical audited combined statement of loss for the fiscal year ended April&#160;25, 2025, and our historical unaudited condensed combined balance sheet at October 24, 2025. The pro forma adjustments to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the six months ended October 24, 2025 and for the fiscal year ended April&#160;25, 2025 assume that the Separation and related transactions occurred as of April 27, 2024, which was the first day of the 2025 fiscal year. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet data gives effect to the Separation, the initial public offering, and related transactions as if they had occurred on October 24, 2025, our latest balance sheet date. See &#8220;Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.&#8221;    The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data below is only a summary and should be read in conjunction with the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.&#8221; The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data is based upon available information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable and supportable. The summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data is for illustrative and informational purposes only. The summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data may not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations, or        33               cash flows would have been had we been a standalone company during the periods presented. In addition, the summary unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data may not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be in the future.    Amounts reported in millions within the tables below are computed based on the amounts in thousands, and therefore, the sum of the components may not equal the total amount reported in millions due to rounding. Additionally, certain columns and rows within tables may not sum due to rounding.    Combined Statement of Operations Data                                               Pro Forma      Historical         Six months ended        Six months ended        (Dollars in Millions)     October 24, 2025      October 24, 2025      October 25, 2024      Net sales    $    1,475&#160;        $    1,475&#160;        $    1,304&#160;         Cost of products sold     638&#160;        637&#160;        577&#160;         Gross profit  &#160;     837&#160;        838&#160;        728&#160;        Research and development expense    236&#160;        236&#160;        217&#160;        Selling, general, and administrative expenses    601&#160;        575&#160;        536&#160;         Certain litigation charges     17&#160;        17&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Other operating expense (income), net     7&#160;        7&#160;        (5)         Operating profit (loss)        (24)        3&#160;        (20)        Other non-operating expense, net    1&#160;        1&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Profit (loss) before income taxes        (25)        2&#160;        (20)         Income tax provision     22&#160;        23&#160;        3&#160;         Net loss        (46)        (21)        (23)         Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests        &#8212;&#160;        (8)        (8)         Net loss attributable to Diabetes Business        $    (46)        $    (29)        $    (31)                                                                Pro Forma      Historical         Fiscal year        Fiscal year        (Dollars in Millions)     2025      2025      2024      2023      Net sales    $    2,715&#160;        $    2,715&#160;        $    2,469&#160;        $    2,245&#160;         Cost of products sold     1,190&#160;        1,187&#160;        1,032&#160;        937&#160;         Gross profit  &#160;     1,525&#160;        1,528&#160;        1,436&#160;        1,308&#160;        Research and development expense    438&#160;        436&#160;        437&#160;        429&#160;        Selling, general, and administrative expenses    1,131&#160;        1,080&#160;        1,057&#160;        960&#160;         Certain litigation charges     165&#160;        165&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Other operating (income) expense, net     (8)        (8)        11&#160;        (12)         Operating loss        (202)        (146)        (69)        (69)        Other non-operating expense, net    1&#160;        1&#160;        1&#160;        7&#160;         Loss before income taxes        (203)        (147)        (70)        (76)         Income tax provision     48&#160;        52&#160;        38&#160;        16&#160;         Net loss        (250)        (198)        (107)        (92)         Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests        &#8212;&#160;        (15)        (5)        (5)         Net loss attributable to Diabetes Business        $    (250)        $    (213)        $    (112)        $    (96)            34               Combined Balance Sheet Data                                                           Pro Forma       Historical          As of      As of       (Dollars in Millions)     October 24, 2025      October 24, 2025      April 25, 2025      April 26, 2024       Total assets     $    4,235&#160;        $    4,289&#160;        $    4,201&#160;        $    4,094&#160;         Total liabilities     490&#160;        729&#160;        871&#160;        647&#160;         Total equity   (1)     3,745&#160;        3,560&#160;        3,330&#160;        3,448&#160;         __________________    (1)  Total equity in the Historical column represents Total parent company equity as seen in the combined balance sheets.    Combined Statement of Cash Flows Data                                                                       Historical         Six months ended        Fiscal Year        (Dollars in Millions)     October 24, 2025      October 25, 2024      2025      2024      2023       Net cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities     $    (93)        $    33&#160;        $    140&#160;        $    41&#160;        $    (6)         Net cash used in investing activities     (124)        (86)        (193)        (157)        (180)         Net cash provided by financing activities     215&#160;        10&#160;        10&#160;        112&#160;        185&#160;         Other Data (Non-GAAP)   (1)                                                                       Historical         Six months ended        Fiscal Year        (Dollars in Millions)     October 24, 2025      October 25, 2024      2025      2024      2023       Organic Revenue Growth     7.4&#160;    %      n&#47;a      11.5&#160;    %      8.6&#160;    %      n&#47;a       Adjusted Gross Profit     $    843&#160;        $    761&#160;        $    1,573&#160;        $    1,463&#160;        $    1,341&#160;        Adjusted EBITDA    128&#160;        97&#160;        253&#160;        147&#160;        136&#160;         __________________    (1)  Organic Revenue Growth, Adjusted Gross Profit, and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes that these non-GAAP measures, together with the U.S. GAAP measures used by management, reflect how we measure our business internally and set operational goals and incentives. These non-GAAP measures should be considered supplements to, not substitutes for, or superior to, the corresponding measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For additional information about these non-GAAP measures, including a reconciliation of each of these non-GAAP measures to its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, see &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Non-GAAP Measures.&#8221;    The following table presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net sales to Organic Revenue Growth for the six months ended October&#160;24, 2025.                                                                                                           Six months ended        Reported net sales       Adjustments       Organic revenue       (Dollars in millions)     October 24, 2025      October 25, 2024      Growth       October 24, 2025   (3)        October 25, 2024   (4)        October 24, 2025   (3)        October 25, 2024   (4)       Growth       U.S.   (1)     $    437&#160;        $    437&#160;        (0.1)    %      $    &#8212;&#160;        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    437&#160;        $    437&#160;        (0.1)    %       International   (2)     1,038&#160;        867&#160;        19.7&#160;        52&#160;        (20)        986&#160;        887&#160;        11.1&#160;        Total    $    1,475&#160;        $    1,304&#160;        13.1    %      $    52&#160;        $    (20)        $    1,423&#160;        $    1,325&#160;        7.4    %       ________________    (1)  U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories.    (2)  International includes all other non-U.S. countries.    (3)  The six months ended October 24, 2025 excludes $52 million of revenue adjustments, including $7 million reduction in the Italian payback accruals due to changes in estimates as a result of the Legislative Decree published by the Italian government on June 30, 2025 for years 2015 to 2018 and $45 million of favorable currency impact on the remaining net sales. The currency impact to net sales measures the change in net sales between current and prior year periods using constant exchange rates.       35               (4)  The six months ended October 25, 2024 excludes $20 million of revenue adjustments related to incremental Italian payback accruals as a result of the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court of Italy for certain prior years since 2015.    The following table presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net sales to Organic Revenue Growth for fiscal year 2025.                                                                                                           Fiscal year        Reported net sales       Adjustments       Organic revenue       (Dollars in millions)     2025      2024      Growth       2025   (3)       2024       2025   (3)       2024      Growth       U.S.   (1)     $    903&#160;        $    833&#160;        8.4    %      $    &#8212;&#160;        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    903&#160;        $    833&#160;        8.4    %       International   (2)     1,812&#160;        1,636&#160;        10.8&#160;        (39)        &#8212;&#160;        1,851&#160;        1,636&#160;        13.1&#160;        Total    $    2,715&#160;        $    2,469&#160;        10.0    %      $    (39)        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    2,754&#160;        $    2,469&#160;        11.5    %       ________________    (1)  U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories.    (2)  International includes all other non-U.S. countries.    (3)  Fiscal year 2025 excludes $39 million of revenue adjustments, including $20 million of incremental Italian payback accruals as a result of the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court for certain prior years since 2015 and $19 million of unfavorable currency impact on the remaining net sales. The currency impact to net sales measures the change in net sales between current and prior year periods using constant exchange rates.    The following table presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net sales to Organic Revenue Growth for fiscal year 2024.                                                                                                           Fiscal year        Reported net sales       Adjustments       Organic revenue       (Dollars in millions)     2024      2023      Growth       2024   (3)       2023       2024   (3)       2023      Growth       U.S.   (1)     $    833&#160;        $    832&#160;        0.1    %      $    &#8212;&#160;        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    833&#160;        $    832&#160;        0.1    %       International   (2)     1,636&#160;        1,413&#160;        15.8&#160;        31&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        1,605&#160;        1,413&#160;        13.6&#160;        Total    $    2,469&#160;        $    2,245&#160;        10.0    %      $    31&#160;        $    &#8212;&#160;        $    2,438&#160;        $    2,245&#160;        8.6    %       ________________    (1)  U.S. includes the United States and U.S. territories.    (2)  International includes all other non-U.S. countries.    (3)  Fiscal year 2024 excludes $31 million of revenue adjustments related to favorable currency impact. The currency impact to net sales measures the change in net sales between current and prior year periods using constant exchange rates.    The following table presents a reconciliation of the change in U.S. GAAP gross profit to Adjusted Gross Profit for the six months ended October&#160;24, 2025 and October&#160;25, 2024.                                    Six months ended       (in millions)    October 24, 2025      October 25, 2024      Gross Profit    $    838&#160;        $    728&#160;        Adjustments&#58;            Amortization of intangible assets    12&#160;        12&#160;         Other adjustments   (1)     (7)        20&#160;                   Costs to comply with medical device regulations   (2)     &#8212;&#160;        1&#160;         Adjusted Gross Profit (non-GAAP)        $    843&#160;        $    761&#160;         __________________    (1)  Reflects adjustments to the Company&#8217;s Italian payback accruals resulting from the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court of Italy and the Legislative Decree published by the Italian government on June 30, 2025 for certain prior years since 2015.    (2)  The charges represent incremental costs of complying with the new European Union medical device regulations for previously registered products and primarily include charges for contractors supporting the project and other direct third-party expenses. We consider these costs to be duplicative of previously incurred costs and&#47;or one-time costs, which are limited to a specific time period.       36               The following table presents a reconciliation of   the change in U.S. GAAP gross profit to Adjusted Gross Profit for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023.                                                Fiscal Year       (in millions)    2025      2024      2023      Gross Profit    $    1,528&#160;        $    1,436&#160;        $    1,308&#160;        Adjustments&#58;                Amortization of intangible assets    24&#160;        24&#160;        24&#160;         Other adjustments   (1)     20&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Restructuring and associated costs   (2)     &#8212;&#160;        1&#160;        8&#160;         Costs to comply with medical device regulations   (3)     1&#160;        2&#160;        1&#160;         Adjusted Gross Profit (non-GAAP)        $    1,573&#160;        $    1,463&#160;        $    1,341&#160;         __________________    (1)  Reflects the recognition of incremental Italian payback accruals resulting from the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court of Italy relating to certain prior years since 2015.    (2)  These charges primarily include salaries and wages for employees that are fully dedicated to restructuring programs as well as consulting expenses directly related to the restructuring efforts.    (3)  The charges represent incremental costs of complying with the new European Union medical device regulations for previously registered products and primarily include charges for contractors supporting the project and other direct third-party expenses. We consider these costs to be duplicative of previously incurred costs and&#47;or one-time costs, which are limited to a specific time period.    The following table presents a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended October&#160;24, 2025 and October&#160;25, 2024.                                    Six months ended       (in millions)    October 24, 2025      October 25, 2024      Net loss    $    (21)        $    (23)        Provision for taxes    23&#160;        3&#160;        Depreciation and amortization    78&#160;        68&#160;        Adjustments&#58;             Stock-based compensation     26&#160;        22&#160;         Certain litigation charges   (1)     17&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Restructuring and associated costs   (2)     4&#160;        6&#160;         Other adjustments   (3)     (7)        20&#160;         Transaction costs   (4)     7&#160;        1&#160;         Losses on minority investments   (5)     1&#160;        1&#160;         Costs to comply with medical device regulations   (6)     &#8212;&#160;        1&#160;         Acquisition-related costs     &#8212;&#160;        (1)         Adjusted EBITDA        $    128&#160;        $    97&#160;         __________________    (1)  These charges relate to the Diabetes Pump Retainer Ring litigation.    (2)  The charges primarily relate to employee termination benefits and consulting expenses directly related to the restructuring efforts.     (3)  Reflects adjustments to the Company&#8217;s Italian payback accruals resulting from the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court of Italy and the Legislative Decree published by the Italian government on June 30, 2025 for certain prior years since 2015.    (4)  These charges represent costs incurred associated with the Separation.    (5)  We exclude unrealized and realized gains and losses on our minority investments as we do not believe that these components of income or expense have a direct correlation to our ongoing or future business operations.    (6)  The charges represent incremental costs of complying with the new European Union medical device regulations for previously registered products and primarily include charges for contractors supporting the project and other direct third-party expenses. We consider these costs to be duplicative of previously incurred costs and&#47;or one-time costs.       37               The following tables present a reconciliation of U.S. GAAP net loss to Adjusted EBITDA f  or fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023.                                                Fiscal Year       (in millions)    2025      2024      2023      Net loss    $    (198)        $    (107)        $    (92)        Provision for taxes    52&#160;        38&#160;        16&#160;        Depreciation and amortization    143&#160;        129&#160;        115&#160;        Adjustments&#58;                 Stock-based compensation     41&#160;        38&#160;        35&#160;         Certain litigation charges   (1)     165&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Restructuring and associated costs   (2)     25&#160;        29&#160;        52&#160;         Other adjustments   (3)     20&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Transaction costs   (4)     3&#160;        &#8212;&#160;        &#8212;&#160;         Costs to comply with medical device regulations   (5)     1&#160;        2&#160;        1&#160;         Losses on minority investments   (6)     1&#160;        1&#160;        7&#160;         Acquisition-related costs   (7)     &#8212;&#160;        17&#160;        2&#160;         Adjusted EBITDA        $    253&#160;        $    147&#160;        $    136&#160;         __________________    (1)  These charges relate to a contractual dispute resolution under one of the Diabetes product funding arrangements.    (2)  Associated costs primarily include salaries and wages for employees that are fully dedicated to restructuring programs as well as consulting expenses directly related to the restructuring efforts.    (3)  Reflects the recognition of incremental Italian payback accruals resulting from the two July 22, 2024 rulings by the Constitutional Court of Italy relating to certain prior years since 2015.    (4)  These charges represent costs incurred associated with the Separation.     (5)  The charges represent incremental costs of complying with the new European Union medical device regulations for previously registered products and primarily include charges for contractors supporting the project and other direct third-party expenses. We consider these costs to be duplicative of previously incurred costs and&#47;or one-time costs, which are limited to a specific time period.    (6)  We exclude unrealized and realized gains and losses on our minority investments as we do not believe that these components of income or expense have a direct correlation to our ongoing or future business operations.     (7)  These charges primarily relate to losses on foreign currency forward contracts entered into in advance of a previously contemplated business combination.       38                MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA    Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this prospectus concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate, including our general expectations, market position, market share, market opportunity, and market size, has been obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications and other reports, internal data sources, and management estimates, which we believe to be reliable and based on reasonable assumptions. These third-party sources include Diabetes Metabolism Research and Reviews&#59; Diabetes, Obesity and Metabolism&#59; dQ&#38;A&#59; the IDF&#59; the Journal of the American Medical Association&#59; the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology &#38; Metabolism&#59; the Journal of Diabetes Technology &#38; Therapeutics&#59; Managed Markets Insights and Technology (&#8220;MMIT&#8221;)&#59; the National Institute of Health (the &#8220;NIH&#8221;)&#59; Seagrove Partners&#59; the New England Journal of Medicine&#59; and the World Health Organization (the &#8220;WHO&#8221;).    Unless otherwise indicated, we have not commissioned any of the industry publications or other reports generated by third-party providers that we refer to in this prospectus. Our management estimates are derived from such third-party sources, other publicly available information, our knowledge of our industry, internal company research, surveys, information from our customers and third-party partners, trade and business organizations, and other contacts in the markets in which we operate and assumptions based on this information and knowledge.    Data regarding our industry and our market position and market share within our industry are inherently imprecise and are subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties beyond our control, but we believe they generally indicate market size, market position, and market share within our industry. In addition,   assumptions and estimates of our and our industry&#8217;s future performance involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those described in the section of this prospectus entitled &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by third parties and us. See &#8220;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&#8221;    Certain of our products that are named in this prospectus are regulated by the U.S. FDA. For additional information about the regulation of these products, see &#8220;Business&#8212;Government Regulation and Product Approval Process&#8212;United States Regulations.&#8221;    In certain portions of this prospectus we reference meta-analyses when direct head-to-head studies are unavailable. We believe meta-analyses and comparisons of published real-world data are robust and valid ways to compare the glycemic outcomes of our devices with those of third-party devices. Peer-reviewed meta-analyses with broad acceptance criteria and analyses like random-effects frequentist network meta-analyses provide results with confidence intervals and offer robust statistical conclusions supporting comparison of devices using available clinical trial data. Further, large bodies of real-world evidence offer a strong means of mitigating these biases and normalizing many of the specific clinical and demographic variables that exist in the real-world use of AID systems.    While meta-analysis can provide valuable insights by aggregating data from multiple studies, this approach has inherent limitations. The methodology relies on indirect comparisons, which may introduce biases due to variations in study design, populations, and analytical approaches. Without direct comparative trials, differences in outcomes between interventions may not be adequately assessed, leading to potential uncertainties in the interpretation of results. Accordingly, investors should exercise caution when considering findings derived from meta-analysis as conclusive evidence.    Direct head-to-head clinical studies have not been conducted comparing modern AID systems at the time of this offering. Additionally, individual device clinical studies often offer small sample sizes with potential for investigator selection bias, volunteer bias on the part of the participant, and attention bias given the close follow-up during the trial. These biases, which are inherent in industry-sponsored trials, may result in a best-case scenario or non-representative outcome.    The data presented in this prospectus are sourced from the following sources. Sources marked with a * were funded by Medtronic&#59; sources marked with a &#94; were authored or co-authored by Medtronic employees&#58;    &#8226;  Abraham MB et al., &#8220;Glycemic and Psychosocial Outcomes of Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop Therapy in Youth With High HbA1c&#58; A Randomized Clinical Trial,&#8221; Diabetes Care (2025), 48(1), 67-75.*      39              &#8226;  Bandeiras C et al., &#8220;Bringing Stem Cell-Based Therapies for Type 1 Diabetes to the Clinic&#58; Early Insights from Bioprocess Economics and Cost-Effectiveness Analysis,&#8221; Biotechnol J. (2019), 14(8), e1800563.    &#8226;  Bergenstal RM et al., &#8220;A comparison of two hybrid closed-loop systems in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes (FLAIR)&#58; a multicentre, randomised, crossover trial.&#8221; Lancet (2021), 397(10270), 208-219.    &#8226;  Bhargava A et al., &#8220;Safety and Effectiveness of MiniMed  TM   780G Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop Insulin Intensification in Adults with Insulin-Requiring Type 2 Diabetes,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2025), 27(5), 366-375.&#94;    &#8226;  Boucsein A et al., &#8220;Impact of Advanced Hybrid Closed Loop on Youth With High-Risk Type 1 Diabetes Using Multiple Daily Injections&#8221; Diabetes Care (2023), 46(3), 628-632.    &#8226;  Casta&#241;eda J et al., &#8220;Time in Tight Glucose Range in Type 1 Diabetes&#58; Predictive Factors and Achievable Targets in Real-World Users of the MiniMed 780G System,&#8221; Diabetes Care (2024), 47(5), 790-797.    &#8226;  Choudhary P et al., &#8220;Advanced hybrid closed loop therapy versus conventional treatment in adults with type 1 diabetes (ADAPT)&#58; a randomised controlled study,&#8221; Lancet Diabetes Endocrinol (2022), 10(10), 720-731.*&#94;    &#8226;  Choudhary P et al., &#8220;Celebrating the Data from 100,000 Real-World Users of the MiniMed&#8482; 780G System in Europe, Middle East, and Africa Collected Over 3 Years&#58; From Data to Clinical Evidence,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2024), 26(S3), 32-37.&#94;    &#8226;  Chien A et al., &#8220;Potential cost savings in the United States from a reduction in sensor-detected severe hypoglycemia among users of the InPen smart insulin pen system,&#8221; J Manag Care Spec Pharm (2023), 29(3), 285-292.&#94;    &#8226;  Christensen MB et al., &#8220;Automated Insulin Delivery in Adults With Type 1 Diabetes and Suboptimal HbA1c During Prior Use of Insulin Pump and Continuous Glucose Monitoring&#58; A Randomized Controlled Trial,&#8221; J Diabetes Sci Technol (2024), 19322968241242399.*    &#8226;  Collyns OJ et al., &#8220;Improved Glycemic Outcomes With Medtronic MiniMed Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop Delivery&#58; Results From a Randomized Crossover Trial Comparing Automated Insulin Delivery With Predictive Low Glucose Suspend in People With Type 1 Diabetes,&#8221; Diabetes Care (2021), 44(4), 969-975.*&#94;    &#8226;  De Meulemeester J et al., &#8220;One-year real-world benefits of Tandem Control-IQ technology on glucose management and person-reported outcomes in adults with type 1 diabetes&#58; a prospective observational cohort study,&#8221; Diabetologia (2025), 68(5), 948-960.    &#8226;  Diabetes Control and Complications Trial Research Group et al., &#8220;The effect of intensive treatment of diabetes on the development and progression of long-term complications in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus,&#8221; N Engl J Med (1993), 329(14), 977-86.    &#8226;  Di Molfetta S et al., &#8220;Efficacy and Safety of Different Hybrid Closed Loop Systems for Automated Insulin Delivery in People With Type 1 Diabetes&#58; A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis,&#8221; Diabetes Metab Res Rev (2024), 40(6), e3842.    &#8226;  Drucker DJ, &#8220;Efficacy and Safety of GLP-1 Medicines for Type 2 Diabetes and Obesity,&#8221; Diabetes Care (2024), 47(11), 1873-1888.    &#8226;  Ebekozien O et al., &#8220;Longitudinal Trends in Glycemic Outcomes and Technology Use for Over 48,000 People with Type 1 Diabetes (2016-2022) from the T1D Exchange Quality Improvement Collaborative,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2023), 25(11), 765-773.      40              &#8226;  Edd SN et al., &#8220;ADAPT study Group. Twelve-month results of the ADAPT randomized controlled trial&#58; Reproducibility and sustainability of advanced hybrid closed-loop therapy outcomes versus conventional therapy in adults with type 1 diabetes,&#8221; Diabetes Obes Metab (2023), 25(11), 3212-3222.*&#94;    &#8226;  Fisher L et al., &#8220;Understanding the sources of diabetes distress in adults with type 1 diabetes,&#8221; J Diabetes Complications (2015), 29(4), 572-7.    &#8226;  Forlenza GP et al., &#8220;Real-World Evidence of Omnipod&#174; 5 Automated Insulin Delivery System Use in 69,902 People with Type 1 Diabetes,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2024), 26(8), 514-525 (the &#8220;Forlenza 2024 study&#8221;).    &#8226;  Gerhardsson P et al., &#8220;The SWEET Project 10-Year Benchmarking in 19 Countries Worldwide Is Associated with Improved HbA1c and Increased Use of Diabetes Technology in Youth with Type 1 Diabetes,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2021), 23(7), 491-499.    &#8226;  Graham R et al., &#8220;Real-World Use of Control-IQ Technology Is Associated with a Lower Rate of Severe Hypoglycemia and Diabetic Ketoacidosis Than Historical Data&#58; Results of the Control-IQ Observational (CLIO) Prospective Study,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2024), 26(1), 24-32 (the &#8220;Graham 2024 study&#8221;).    &#8226;  Hagger V et al., &#8220;Diabetes Distress Among Adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes&#58; a Systematic Review,&#8221; Curr Diab Rep (2016), 16(1), 9.    &#8226;  Hanaire H et al., &#8220;Cost-Utility Analysis of the MiniMed&#8482; 780G Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop System Versus Intermittently Scanned Continuous Glucose Monitoring with Multiple Daily Insulin Injections in People with Type 1 Diabetes in France,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther. (2025), 27(10), 768-777.    &#8226;  Hankosky ER et al., &#8220;Gaps Remain for Achieving HbA1c Targets for People with Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes Using Insulin&#58; Results from NHANES 2009-2020,&#8221; Diabetes Ther. (2023), 14(6), 967-975.    &#8226;  Hwang JH et al., &#8220;Lifetime Health Effects and Cost-Effectiveness of Tirzepatide and Semaglutide in US Adults,&#8221; JAMA Health Forum (2025), 6(3), e245586.    &#8226;  Jendle J et al., &#8220;A European Cost-Utility Analysis of the MiniMed&#8482; 780G Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop System Versus Intermittently Scanned Continuous Glucose Monitoring with Multiple Daily Insulin Injections in People Living with Type 1 Diabetes,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2023), 25(12), 864-876.*&#94;    &#8226;  Jendle J et al., &#8220;The Cost-Effectiveness of an Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop System in People with Type 1 Diabetes&#58; a Health Economic Analysis in Sweden&#8221; Diabetes Ther (2021), 12(11), 2977-2991.*&#94;    &#8226;  Kessler L et al., &#8220;Advanced Hybrid Closed Loop Algorithm Use in Type 1 Diabetes&#58; The French MiniMed&#8482; Glycemic Control and Quality of Life Study,&#8221; Diabetes Ther (2025), 413-427.*&#94;    &#8226;  Kommareddi M et al., &#8220;Cost-effectiveness of the MiniMed 780G system for type 1 diabetes,&#8221; Am J Manag Care (2025), 31(4), e79-e86.*&#94;    &#8226;  Lambadiari V et al., &#8220;Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of an Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop Insulin Delivery System in People with Type 1 Diabetes in Greece,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2022), 24(5), 316-323.*&#94;    &#8226;  Laurenzi A et al., &#8220;Insights into the effective use of the Smart MDI system&#58; Data from the first 1852 type 1 diabetes users,&#8221; Diabet Med. (2025), 42(12), e70161.    &#8226;  MacLeod J et al., &#8220;Shining the Spotlight on Multiple Daily Insulin Therapy&#58; Real-World Evidence of the InPen Smart Insulin Pen,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2024), 26(1), 33-39.*&#94;    &#8226;  Matejko B et al., &#8220;Transitioning of People With Type 1 Diabetes From Multiple Daily Injections and Self-Monitoring of Blood Glucose Directly to MiniMed 780G Advanced Hybrid Closed-Loop System&#58; A Two-Center, Randomized, Controlled Study,&#8221; Diabetes Care (2022), 45(11), 2628-2635.*&#94;      41              &#8226;  Meade LT et al., &#8220;Accuracy of Carbohydrate Counting in Adults,&#8221; Clin Diabetes (2016), 34(3), 142-7.    &#8226;  Messer LH et al., &#8220;Therapy Settings Associated with Optimal Outcomes for t&#58;slim X2 with Control-IQ Technology in Real-World Clinical Care,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther. (2023), 25(12), 877-882 (the &#8220;Messer 2023 study&#8221;).    &#8226;  Michaels VR et al., &#8220;Glucose and Psychosocial Outcomes 12 Months Following Transition from Multiple Daily Injections to Advanced Hybrid Closed Loop in Youth with Type 1 Diabetes and Suboptimal Glycemia,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther (2024), 26(1), 40-48.    &#8226;  The National Health Service of England, &#8220;National Diabetes Audit Core Report 1&#58; Care Processes and Treatemnt Targets 2023-24&#8221; (2024).    &#8226;  Ozdemir Saltik AZ et al., &#8220;EE622 Improved Glycemic Outcomes and Associated Cost Savings with an Advanced Hybrid Closed Loop System for People with Type 1 Diabetes with Suboptimal Glycemic Control in Europe,&#8221; Value in Health (2023), 26(12), S172-S173.&#94;    &#8226;  Parker ED et al., &#8220;Economic Costs of Diabetes in the U.S. in 2022,&#8221; Diabetes Care (2024), 47(1), 26-43.    &#8226;  Petrovski G et al., &#8220;Simplified Meal Announcement Versus Precise Carbohydrate Counting in Adolescents With Type 1 Diabetes Using the MiniMed 780G Advanced Hybrid Closed Loop System&#58; A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Glucose Control,&#8221; Diabetes Care (2023), 46(3), 544-550.&#94;    &#8226;  P&#246;hlmann J et al., &#8220;A systematic literature review and meta-analysis of real-world evidence on commercially available automated insulin delivery systems in people with type 1 diabetes,&#8221; Diabetes Obes Metab. (2025) (the &#8220;P&#246;hlmann 2025 meta-analysis&#8221;).    &#8226;  Resnick O et al., &#8220;Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists and type 1 diabetes&#58; a potential game changer&#63;&#8221; Front Endocrinol (Lausanne) (2025), 15, 1520313.    &#8226;  Sern&#233; EH et al., &#8220;Automated Insulin Delivery Versus Standard of Care in the Management of People Living with Type 1 Diabetes and HbA1c &#60;8%&#58; A Cost-Utility Analysis in The Netherlands,&#8221; Diabetes Technol Ther. (2025), 27(8), 631-640.    &#8226;  Shah VN et al., &#8220;Continuous Glucose Monitoring Profiles in Healthy Nondiabetic Participants&#58; A Multicenter Prospective Study,&#8221; J Clin Endocrinol Metab (2019), 104(10), 4356-4364.    &#8226;  Smaniotto V et al., &#8220;MiniMed 780G system performance in older users with type 1 diabetes&#58; Real-world evidence and the case for stricter glycaemi