SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-24T19:45:02Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-24 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-04T19:18:06Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

All investors love getting big returns from their portfolio, whether it's through stocks, bonds, ETFs, or other types of securities. However, when you're an income investor, your primary focus is generating consistent cash flow from each of your liquid investments.
While cash flow can come from bond interest or interest from other types of investments, income investors hone in on dividends. A dividend is that coveted distribution of a company's earnings paid out to shareholders, and investors often view it by its dividend yield, a metric that measures the dividend as a percent of the current stock price. Many academic studies show that dividends make up large portions of long-term returns, and in many cases, dividend contributions surpass one-third of total returns.
ONE Gas (OGS) is headquartered in Tulsa, and is in the Utilities sector. The stock has seen a price change of 3.53% since the start of the year. Currently paying a dividend of $0.68 per share, the company has a dividend yield of 3.4%. In comparison, the Utility - Gas Distribution industry's yield is 3.63%, while the S&P 500's yield is 1.33%.
Looking at dividend growth, the company's current annualized dividend of $2.72 is up 1.5% from last year. Over the last 5 years, ONE Gas has increased its dividend 5 times on a year-over-year basis for an average annual increase of 4.53%. Looking ahead, future dividend growth will be dependent on earnings growth and payout ratio, which is the proportion of a company's annual earnings per share that it pays out as a dividend. ONE Gas's current payout ratio is 60%, meaning it paid out 60% of its trailing 12-month EPS as dividend.
Looking at this fiscal year, OGS expects solid earnings growth. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2026 is $4.84 per share, with earnings expected to increase 8.04% from the year ago period.
Investors like dividends for a variety of different reasons, from tax advantages and decreasing overall portfolio risk to considerably improving stock investing profits. It's important to keep in mind that not all companies provide a quarterly payout.
Big, established firms that have more secure profits are often seen as the best dividend options, but it's fairly uncommon to see high-growth businesses or tech start-ups offer their stockholders a dividend. During periods of rising interest rates, income investors must be mindful that high-yielding stocks tend to struggle. With that in mind, OGS is a compelling investment opportunity. Not only is it a strong dividend play, but the stock currently sits at a Zacks Rank of #3 (Hold).