SOURCE: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/822663/000175392626000464/ipar-20251231.htm
FORM: 10-K
FILED: 2026-03-10
ACCEPTED: 2026-03-10T20:48:05.000Z
ITEMS: 
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-08-04
------------------------------------------------------------------------

ipar-20251231.htm

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
one)

☒
Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025

or

pro

☐
Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the transition period from to .

Commission
file no. 0-16469

Interparfums, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

13-3275609

(State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

551
Fifth Avenue , New York , New York

10176

(Address of Principal
Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

IPAR

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: 212 . 983.2640

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name
of exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $.001
par value per share

IPAR

The Nasdaq Stock
Market

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒
No ☐

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large
accelerated filer
☒
Accelerated
filer
☐

Non-accelerated
filer
☐
Smaller
reporting company
☐

Emerging
growth company
☐

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.  ☒

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).
☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. $ 2,384,600,367 of
voting equity and $0 of non-voting equity.

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s $.001 par value common stock as of the close of business on the latest
practicable date March 10, 2026 : 32,071,785 .

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

Forward Looking Statements
ii

PART I
1

Item 1.
Business
1

Item 1A.
Risk Factors.
27

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments.
36

Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
36

Item 2.
Properties
37

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
37

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
37

PART II
38

Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
38

Item 6.
RESERVED
40

Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
40

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
49

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
50

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
50

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures.
50

Item 9B.
Other Information
52

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
52

PART III
53

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
53

Item 11.
Executive Compensation.
62

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
76

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
78

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
79

PART
IV
81

Item
15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
81

Item
16.
Form 10-K Summary
81

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
F-1

SIGNATURES

i

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21 E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and if incorporated by reference into a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended, within the meaning of Section 27 A of such act. When used in this report, the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “intend,” “expect,” “plan,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or similar expressions identify certain forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved.

Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are set forth in this report, including under the heading “Risk Factors”. Such factors include: The effects of our inability to successfully integrate or manage any future acquisitions; continuation and renewal of existing licenses and similar agreements; potential inability to obtain new licensing, arrangements or agreements for additional brands; potential reduction in sales of our fragrance products due to reduced consumer confidence as the result of a prolonged economic downturn, recession or terrorist attack in the United States, Europe or any of the other countries in which we do significant business; inflation; uncertainties and deterioration in global credit markets could negatively impact suppliers, customers and consumers; re-emergence of COVID- 19 and related governmental mandates, or outbreak of other disease, epidemic or pandemic, or similar public health threat; inability to protect our intellectual property rights; impact of social impact and sustainability matters; potential liability for infringement of third party brand names; product liability claims; effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts and product acceptance by consumers; our dependence upon third party manufacturers and distributors; dependence upon existing management; competition in the fragrance industry; risks related to our foreign operations, currency fluctuation and international tariff and trade barriers; compliance with governmental regulation; changing political conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results; potential hacking and outages of our global information systems; seasonal variability of our business; our ability to operate our business without infringing, and misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of other parties.

These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the general or specific factors that may affect us. It should be recognized that other factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant, and the factors set forth herein may affect us to a greater extent than indicated. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in this report. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

ii

PART I

Item 1 . Business

Introduction

Founded in 1982 , we operate in the fragrance business, and manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of prestige fragrances, and fragrance related products. Our worldwide headquarters and the office of our wholly owned United States subsidiary, Interparfums, USA LLC, are located at 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10176 , and our telephone number is 212.983.2640 . We also have wholly owned subsidiaries as follows:

Country

Subsidiary

Function

Italy for organization, and France for seat of management

Interparfums Italia Srl

Manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of prestige fragrances, and fragrance related products

Switzerland

Interparfums, USA Swiss Ltd

Sales Office

United Arab Emirates

Interparfums Middle East DMCC

Sales Office

Hong Kong, special administrative region of the Peoples Republic of China

Inter Parfums USA Hong Kong Limited

Sales Office

Our consolidated majority owned subsidiary, Interparfums SA, maintains executive offices at 10 rue de Solférino, 75007 Paris, France. Our telephone number in Paris is 331.5377.0000 . Interparfums SA also has wholly owned subsidiaries as follows:

Country

Subsidiary

Function

USA

Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc.

Distribution of prestige brands in the United States

Republic of Singapore

Interparfums Asia Pacific Pte., Ltd.

Sales and marketing office

South Korea

Interparfums Korea Co.,
Ltd.

Distribution of prestige brands in the South Korea

Interparfums SA is also the majority owner of Parfums Rochas Spain, SL, a Spanish limited liability company, which specializes in the distribution of Rochas fragrances. In addition, Interparfums SA holds a 25 % interest in Divabox SAS, a toiletries, cosmetics, and perfumes distributor in France.

Two Publicly Held Companies

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “IPAR,” and the common shares of our subsidiary, Interparfums SA, are traded on the Euronext exchange under the symbol “ ITP. ”

The Securities and Exchange Commission interactive data files, periodic reports, current reports on Form 8-K, beneficial ownership reports (Forms 3 , 4 and 5 ) and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.

The following information is qualified in its entirety by and should be read together with the more detailed information and audited financial statements, including the related notes contained or incorporated by reference in this report.

1

General Business Development

We operate in the fragrance business, and manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of prestige fragrances and fragrance related products. We manage our business in two segments, European based operations and United States based operations. Certain prestige fragrance products are produced and marketed by our European based operations through our 72 % owned subsidiary in Paris, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded company as 28 % of Interparfums SA shares trade on the Euronext.

Our business is not capital intensive, and it is important to note that we do not own manufacturing facilities. We act as a general contractor and source our needed components from our suppliers. These components are either received and stored directly at our third party fillers or received at one of our distribution centers and then, based upon production needs, the components are sent to one of several third party fillers, which manufacture the finished products for us and then deliver them to one of our distribution centers.

Our fragrance products focus on prestige brands, each with a devoted following. By focusing on markets where the brands are best known, we have had many successful product launches. We typically launch new fragrance families for our brands every few years ("blockbusters"), and more frequently introduce seasonal and limited edition fragrances ("flankers" or "line extensions").

The creation and marketing of each product family are intimately linked with the brand’s name, its past and present positioning, customer base and, more generally, the prevailing market atmosphere. Accordingly, we generally study the market for each proposed family of fragrance products for almost a full year before we introduce any new product into the market. This study is intended to define the general position of the fragrance family and more particularly its scent, bottle, packaging and appeal to the buyer. In our opinion, the unity of these four elements of the marketing mix makes for a successful product.

As with any business, many aspects of our operations are subject to influences outside our control. We believe we have a strong brand portfolio with global reach and potential. As part of our strategy, we plan to continue to make investments in fast-growing markets and channels to grow market share. We discuss in greater detail risk factors relating to our business in Item 1 A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 , and the reports that we file from time to time with the SEC.

European Based Operations

We produce and distribute our fragrance products primarily under license agreements with brand owners, and fragrance product sales through our European based operations represented approximately 68% of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. We have built a portfolio of prestige brands, which include Boucheron, Coach, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Kate Spade, Lacoste, Longchamp, Lanvin, Moncler, Montblanc, Off-White, Solférino  and Van Cleef & Arpels, whose products are distributed in over 120 countries around the world.  In addition, in March 2025 Interparfums SA
acquired all intellectual property rights relating to Goutal Paris held
by Amorepacific Europe. Amorepacific Europe continued to operate the
Goutal brand under an existing license agreement that expired on December
31, 2025, and Interparfums SA began commercial use of the fragrance brand
on January 1, 2026.

United States Based Operations

Prestige brand fragrance products are also produced and marketed through our United States based operations and represented approximately 32% of net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. These fragrance products are sold under trademarks owned by us or pursuant to license or other agreements with the owners of brands, which include Abercrombie & Fitch, Anna Sui, Donna Karan/DKNY, Emanuel Ungaro, Ferragamo, Graff, GUESS, Hollister, MCM, Oscar de la Renta, and Roberto Cavalli.

2

Recent Developments

Nautica

In January 2026, we entered into a 20-year license
agreement for Nautica brand fragrances and fragrance related products, a
subsidiary of the Authentic Brands Group. This license will become effective on
the earlier of January 1, 2030 or the termination of the existing license agreement. Our rights under this license are subject to certain
minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our
industry.

David Beckham

In January 2026, we entered into a 20-year
license agreement for David Beckham brand fragrances and fragrance related
products, a subsidiary of the Authentic Brands Group. This license will become
effective on the earlier of April 1, 2028 or the termination of the existing
license agreement. Our rights under this
license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty
payments as are customary in our industry.

GUESS

In 2018, GUESS?, Inc. and the Company signed an exclusive worldwide license agreement for the creation, the manufacturing and the distribution of fragrances under the GUESS brand until December 31, 2033. In December 2025, the license agreement was renewed for an additional 15 years, extending the license through December 31, 2048.

Longchamp

In July 2025, we announced that our 72% owned
French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, signed an exclusive license agreement with
Longchamp, a Parisian Maison, through December 31, 2036. Interparfums SA will
be responsible for the creation, development, production and distribution of
fragrance lines in Longchamp-brand points of sale and selective distribution
channels. The first launch is expected in 2027. Our
rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising
expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry.

Goutal

In March 2025, we announced that our 72% owned
French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, acquired all intellectual property rights
relating to Goutal Paris held by Amorepacific Europe. Amorepacific Europe
operated the Goutal brand under an existing license agreement that expired on
December 31, 2025, and Interparfums SA began commercial use of the
fragrance brand on January 1, 2026.

Coach

In  2015 , Coach and Interparfums SA signed an exclusive worldwide license agreement for the creation, the manufacturing and the distribution of fragrances under the Coach brand until June 30, 2026. In March 2025, the license agreement was renewed for an additional  5-year  term, extending the license through June 30, 2031.

Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister

In March 2025, we expanded our  Fierce  distribution agreement, which now allows for a global distribution of the iconic Fierce fragrance line that either party may terminate on two year’s notice. Furthermore, our existing Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister fragrance license agreement will expire on March 14, 2028. The goal of the updated Fierce distribution agreement is to drive, over time, more consistency between the products that are carried in the Abercrombie & Fitch stores and unaffiliated retailers.

3

Solférino

2025 marked the creation of Interparfums SA’s
first proprietary brand Solférino, a collection of 10
niche fragrances developed by star perfumers and intended for the
collector’s fragrance market, and the opening of Interparfums SA’s first
boutique entirely dedicated to the brand at 310 Rue Saint-Honoré, a legendary
address for Parisian luxury, along with an e-commerce site at https://solferino-paris.com/en.
The launch of this new brand reflects the Company’s medium-term growth strategy
in the extremely buoyant high-end fragrance market. The fragrance brand
was also launched initially through an ultra-selective distribution channel

Off-White

In December 2024, Interparfums SA signed for all Off-White ® brand names and registered trademarks for Class 3 fragrance and cosmetic products, subject to an existing license that expired on December 31, 2025 , when Interparfums SA began commercial use of the fragrance brands. Founded in 2012 by the late designer Virgil Abloh, Off-White is known for its high-end streetwear influences and bold approach to youth luxury. When Virgil Abloh founded Off-White, he sought to establish a brand with a universal design language that was artistic, disruptive and a reflection of concepts explored in the realm of youth culture .

Van Cleef & Arpels

In  2006 , Van Cleef & Arpels and Interparfums SA signed a  12 -year worldwide license agreement to manufacture and distribute perfumes and related products under the Van Cleef & Arpels brand name, which was subsequently extended for a further six years until December 31, 2024. In December 2024, the license agreement was renewed for an additional  9 -year term, through December 31, 2033.

Roberto Cavalli

We entered into an exclusive worldwide fragrance license for the Roberto Cavalli brand, for 6.5 years, effective July 6, 2023. Our Roberto Cavalli fragrance license is held and operated by our Italian subsidiary, Interparfums Italia, Srl, in keeping with the Company’s strategy to develop an Italian brand hub, and is managed out of Paris, France. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry.

Lacoste

In December 2022, we closed a transaction agreement with Lacoste, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted to Interparfums SA for the production and distribution of Lacoste brand perfumes and cosmetics. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license became effective in January 2024 and will last for 15 years.

4

Rochas Fashion

As a result of operational challenges faced by the Rochas Fashion business, we have recorded impairment charges totaling $ 9.2 million during 2021 and 2022 after management reviewed and agreed with an independent expert's conclusion that the fair value of the trademark was $11.2 million. In 2023 , the Rochas teams underwent a strategic shift to take over their own brand operations, exiting contracts with manufacturers and distributors to have this new structure operational beginning in 2024 .  In the fourth quarter of  2024 , we again took a $ 4.0  million impairment charge on the Rochas fashion trademark after management reviewed and agreed with an independent expert's conclusion that the fair value of the trademark was $ 7.2  million. There were no impairment charges taken in 2025 and 2023.

Fragrance Products

General

We are the owner of the Rochas brand, the Goutal brand, which was subject to an existing license that expired on December 31, 2025, the Lanvin brand name and trademark for our class of trade, Off-White, which was also subject to an existing license that expired on December 31, 2025, and the proprietary brand Solférino, a collection of niche fragrances which we launched in 2025. In addition, we have built a portfolio of licensed prestige brands whereby we produce and distribute our prestige fragrance products under license agreements with brand owners. Under license agreements, we obtain the right to use the brand name, create new fragrances and packaging, determine positioning and distribution, and market and sell the licensed products, in exchange for the payment of royalties. Our rights under license agreements are also generally subject to certain minimum sales requirements and advertising expenditures as are customary in our industry.

As a percentage of net sales, product sales for the Company’s largest brands represented 77%, 76 %, and 73 % of sales in 2025 , 2024 , and 2023 , respectively, with a split by brand as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Jimmy Choo

17 %

17 %

17 %

Coach

15 %

14 %

15 %

Montblanc

15 %

15 %

17 %

GUESS

12 %

12 %

12 %

Donna Karan/DKNY

7 %

7 %

7 %

Lacoste

7 %

6 %

— %

Ferragamo

4 %

5 %

5 %

In 2025  and 2024 , Macy's, our top retail customer, accounted for approximately10% and  12 % of net sales, respectively. No one customer represented 10 % or more of net sales in 2023 .

5

Our licenses expire on the following dates:

Brand Name

Expiration Date

Abercrombie & Fitch

March 14, 2028

Anna Sui

December 31, 2026, plus one 5 -year optional term

Boucheron

December 31, 2027 for the main existing lines

Coach

June 30, 2031

David Beckham

December 31, 2047

Donna Karan/DKNY

December 31, 2032, plus a 5 -year optional term if certain sales targets are met

Emanuel Ungaro

December 31, 2031, plus a 5 -year optional term if certain sales targets are met

Ferragamo

December 31, 2031, plus a 5 -year optional term if certain sales targets are met

French Connection

December 31, 2027, plus a 10 -year optional term if certain sales targets are met

Graff

December 31, 2026, plus 3 optional 3 -year terms if certain sales targets are met

GUESS

December 31, 2048

Hollister

March 14, 2028

Jimmy Choo

December 31, 2031

Kate Spade

June 30, 2030

Karl Lagerfeld

October 31, 2032

Lacoste

December 31, 2038

Longchamp

December 31, 2036

MCM

December 31, 2030, plus 4 optional years

Moncler

December 31, 2026, plus a 5 -year optional term if certain conditions are met

Montblanc

December 31, 2030

Nautica

December 31, 2049

Oscar de la Renta

December 31, 2031, plus a 5 -year optional term if certain sales targets are met

Roberto Cavalli

December 31, 2029

Van Cleef & Arpels

December 31, 2033

In connection with the acquisition of the Lanvin brand names and trademarks for our class of trade, we granted the seller the right to repurchase the brand names and trademarks on July 1, 2027 for € 70 million (approximately $82 million) in accordance with an amendment signed in 2021 . In connection with such amendment, we also granted a license to the seller to develop and sell cosmetics other than fragrances.

Fragrance Portfolio

Abercrombie & Fitch — In 2014 , we entered into a worldwide license to create, produce and distribute new fragrances and fragrance related products under the Abercrombie & Fitch brand name. We distribute these fragrances in specialty stores, department stores and duty free shops. Our initial men’s scent, First Instinct, was launched in 2016 followed by a women’s version in 2017 . Since that time, we unveiled several new fragrances, most notably the Authentic and Away duos as well as brand extensions.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co. is a leading, global, omnichannel specialty retailer of apparel and accessories for men, women and kids. The iconic Abercrombie & Fitch brand was born in 1892 and aims to make every day feel as exceptional as the start of a long weekend.

6

In 2023 , we announced our agreement to distribute Abercrombie & Fitch’s number one men's fragrance, Fierce, in selected markets. The first phase of the agreement, which became effective on September 1, 2023, covers Fierce distribution in certain major markets, including Europe, Mexico and Australia. The second phase, which was activated in February 2024, covers distribution in additional markets in Western Europe and Latin America. Later in 2024 , we began distributing  Fierce Pride.  I n March 2025, we
expanded our Fierce distribution agreement to allow for a
global distribution of the iconic Fierce fragrance line
that either party may terminate on two year’s notice. Furthermore, our
existing Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister fragrance license agreement
will expire on March 14, 2028. The goal of the updated Fierce distribution
agreement is to drive, over time, more consistency between the products that
are carried in the Abercrombie & Fitch stores and unaffiliated retailers. In 2025, we introduced a new fragrance duo, 100% Passion , and the Fierce Reserve extension.

Anna Sui —  In 2011 , we entered into an exclusive worldwide fragrance license to create, produce and distribute fragrances and fragrance related products under the Anna Sui brand. The Anna Sui brand is mostly popular in Asia. Over the past decade, we have worked in partnership with Anna Sui and her creative team to build upon the brand’s customer appeal and develop and market a family of fragrances including Fantasia , Sui Dreams , Sky, and Sundae . In 2024 , we introduced a new flanker within the Fantasia fragrance family and launched Wild Wonder , a new four -scent fragrance collection. In 2025, we introduced Sundae Neon Twist , the newest scent within the Sundae fragrance family.

Boucheron — In 2010 , we entered into an exclusive 15 -year worldwide license agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products under the Boucheron brand, which was extended until December 31, 2027 for its main lines. For over a century, since becoming the first jeweler to open a boutique on Place Vendôme in 1893 , Boucheron has embodied very high-end creation, luxury and French know-how. The mysterious and seductive collection of Boucheron fragrances unquestionably continues this prestigious line of creations.

Boucheron’s legacy scents, Femme and Homme , and the legendary Jaipur perfume form the foundation of brand sales. Our team has enriched the portfolio with Quatre for men and women, a new men’s fragrance, Singulier, along with several special editions, a growing collection of unique scents aptly named, La Collection , and Serpent Bohème. Boucheron operates through several boutiques worldwide as well as an e-commerce site.

Coach — In 2015 , we entered into an exclusive 11 -year worldwide license to create, produce and distribute men’s and women’s fragrances and fragrance related products under the Coach brand name. We distribute these fragrances globally to department stores, specialty stores and duty free shops, as well as in Coach retail stores.

Founded in 1941 , Coach is the ultimate American leather goods brand and has always been renowned for its quality craftsmanship. Now the luxury brand that best embodies New York’s casual elegance, Coach also offers collections of ready-to-wear, lifestyle accessories and fragrances. Its contemporary approach to luxury combines authenticity and innovation, exported worldwide thanks to its thoroughly American non-conformist vision.

In 2016 ,  we launched our first Coach fragrance, a women’s
signature scent, and in 2017, a men’s scent, both of which became and remain
top selling prestige fragrances, leading the brand to become the second largest
in our portfolio. Subsequent extensions have magnified the Coach fragrance
enterprise as have entirely new collections, including Coach Dreams
which debuted in early 2020, and its sister scents,  Dreams Sunset and Dreams Moonlight , as well as Coach  Wild Rose and Coach  Open Road . In 2025 we further enriched the men’s
and women’s lines with two new fragrances: Coach Eau De Parfum for men which featured NBA superstar Jayson Tatum as the new face of
Coach fragrances, and Coach Gold for women which starred actress Storm Reid
as brand ambassador. We have plans to launch new extensions in 2026. Coach is
part of the Tapestry house of brands.

David Beckham -   In January 2026 we entered into an
exclusive, 20-year worldwide license agreement with David Beckham for the
creation, development, production, and distribution of fragrances under the
David Beckham brand. This
agreement further strengthens our relationship with Authentic Brands Group
(“Authentic”), the company who co-owns and manages the David Beckham
brand. Together, we will blend Beckham’s entrepreneurial influence with our
fragrance expertise to inspire a richer world of style and self-expression
through scent. Guided by our dedication
to quality, innovation, and craftsmanship, we will strengthen the global
presence of Beckham’s existing fragrance lines and plan to unveil a new
signature fragrance by the end of 2029.

Donna Karan/DKNY — In September 2021, we entered into a long-term global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products under the Donna Karan and DKNY brands, which took effect on July 1, 2022.

The Donna Karan and DKNY brands, which draw from the energy and attitude of New York City, are powerhouses in fashion and fragrance. These global lifestyle brands have been excellent additions to our portfolio. With this agreement, we have gained several well-established and valuable fragrance franchises.

7

The most  notable fragrances for the fashion house duo include
Donna Karan Cashmere Mist and DKNY Be Delicious. Upon joining our
portfolio in July 2022, these brands now rank among our largest. We have since expanded
the fragrance lineup with the 2024 launches of the Donna Karan Cashmere Collection and debut of DKNY 24/7 , our first blockbuster
fragrance with the fashion house. In 2025 we released several new fragrances
across the Donna Karan and DKNY lines including: Donna Karan Cashmere & Vanilla
Essence ,
DKNY Be Delicious Ice Pop collection, and DKNY 24/7 Rush and 24/7 Electric . Several new captivating extensions and
collections are slated for 2026.  Donna
Karan and DKNY are part of the G-III house of brands.

Emanuel Ungaro — In October 2021, we entered into a 10 -year exclusive global licensing agreement with Emanuel Ungaro for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products, under the Emanuel Ungaro brand.   Founded in 1965 in Paris, the house of Emanuel Ungaro is an icon of French refinement and haute couture. Its unique style is expressed through unquestioning sensuality, purity of silhouette, flamboyant prints, and exquisite attention to detail. Season after season, Emanuel Ungaro dared to be different, combining unexpected yet sensual clashes of bright colors and prints with beautiful draping.

Emanuel  Ungaro fragrances uphold the same values of
audacity and elegance. The brand is best known
internationally, and such presence will remain our sales focus as we continue
to produce and distribute the brand’s legacy scents, notably  Diva that we strengthened with the introduction
of Diva Rouge  in 2023. In 2025, we launched Cosmic Moon , the first extension from the Cosmic pillar that we
first introduced in 2024. We are planning to further enrich the brand with
additional scents in 2026.

Ferragamo — In October 2021, we closed on a transaction agreement with Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A., whereby an exclusive and worldwide 10 -year license was granted for the production and distribution of Ferragamo brand perfumes, with a 5 -year optional term if certain conditions are met.

Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A. is the parent company of the Salvatore Ferragamo Group, one of the world’s leaders in the luxury industry and whose origins date back to 1927 .  Named after its founder, the brand still represents and lives by the original values of Salvatore Ferragamo. The uniqueness and exclusivity of its creations, along with the perfect blend of style, creativity and innovation enriched by the quality and superior craftsmanship of the ‘Made in Italy’ tradition, have always been the hallmarks of the Salvatore Ferragamo’s products notably shoes, leather goods, apparel, silk products and other accessories for men and women.

Established
scents in the Ferragamo portfolio include Ferragamo , a collection of
fragrances for men, Signoria , a collection of fragrances for women, the Amo series and the Uomo series, which   have
been further enhanced through the introduction of new fragrances.
In 2025 we released our first blockbuster fragrance with the
fashion house, Fiamma , and an extension for the Ferragamo family, Sublime Leather . Several
new extensions are in the works for 2026.

Goutal  —
In March 2025, we acquired all intellectual property rights relating to Goutal
Paris held by Amorepacific Europe.

Annick Goutal is a French haute parfumerie
house founded on poetry, emotion, and craftsmanship. Inspired by nature,
memories, and personal stories, the brand creates refined, expressive
fragrances using high-quality raw materials and artisanal know-how. Guided by
authenticity, elegance, and creativity, Annick Goutal perfumes favor sincerity
over trends, celebrating individuality and timeless beauty. Each creation
reflects a delicate balance between artistic freedom and French perfumery
tradition, offering intimate, evocative scents with enduring emotional
resonance.
The brand works exclusively with high-quality raw materials, combining natural
ingredients into creative olfactory combinations.

8

We plan to use 2026 to relaunch the existing Goutal Paris fragrance lines
which include resumption of distribution, shops, and to develop and prepare new
launches in 2027.

Graff — In 2018 , we entered into an exclusive, 8 -year worldwide license agreement with London-based Graff for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances under the Graff brand. The agreement has three 3 -year automatic renewal options, potentially extending the license until December 31, 2035.

Since Laurence Graff OBE founded the company in 1960 , Graff has been dedicated to sourcing and crafting diamonds and gemstones of untold beauty and rarity and transforming them into spectacular pieces of jewelry that move the heart and stir the soul. Throughout its rich history, Graff has become the world leader in diamonds of rarity, magnitude and distinction. Each jewelry creation is designed and manufactured in Graff’s London atelier, where master craftsmen employ techniques to emphasize the beauty of each individual stone. The company remains a family business, overseen by Francois Graff, Chief Executive Officer.

For Graff, a six -scent collection for women, Lesedi La Rona , debuted exclusively at Harrods, has now extended to only the most exclusive, limited, ultra-high end retail outlets. New members of the collection have been regularly added since the Lesedi La Rona launch.

GUESS — In 2018 , we entered into an exclusive, 15 -year worldwide license agreement with GUESS?, Inc. for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances under the GUESS brand, which we recently extended until December 31, 2048.

Established in 1981 , GUESS began as a jeans company and has since successfully grown into a global lifestyle brand. GUESS?, Inc. designs, markets, distributes and licenses a lifestyle collection of contemporary apparel, denim, handbags, watches, footwear and other related consumer products. GUESS products are distributed through branded GUESS stores as well as better department and specialty stores around the world.

We began selling GUESS legacy scents in 2018 , and by 2019 , the GUESS brand quickly became the largest within our United States based operations and fourth largest overall, with legacy fragrances dominating the sales mix.

Since joining our portfolio, we have introduced several new blockbuster scents, including Bella Vita , and Uomo, and Iconic,   and have built on the Seductive pillar. In 2025 we launched several new extensions across the brand’s fragrance families including Seductive Dream , La Mia Bella Vita , and most notably Iconic for men, further building upon the successful women’s Iconic fragrance. In 2026, we plan to launch several new innovative extensions

Hollister — In 2014 , we entered into a worldwide license to create, produce and distribute new fragrances and fragrance related products under the Hollister brand name. We distribute these fragrances in specialty stores, department stores and duty free shops.

The quintessential apparel brand of the global teen consumer, Hollister's clothes are made for capturing moments, creating memories, and being unapologetically you.

In 2016 ,  we launched our first men’s and women’s fragrance duo, Wave, which led to several extensions, as did subsequent fragrance families Festival, Canyon Escape, and Feelin’ Good In accordance with our agreement with Abercrombie & Fitch Co., the existing Hollister fragrance license agreement will expire on March 14, 2028.

Jimmy Choo — In 2009 , we entered into an exclusive 12 -year worldwide license agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products under the Jimmy Choo brand, and in 2017 , we extended the license agreement which now runs through December 31, 2031.

9

Jimmy Choo encompasses a complete luxury accessories brand. Women’s shoes remain the core of the product offering, alongside handbags, small leather goods, scarves, eyewear, belts, fragrances and men’s shoes. Jimmy Choo has a global store network encompassing more than 200 stores and is present in the most prestigious department and specialty stores worldwide. Jimmy Choo is part of the Capri Holdings luxury fashion group.

Jimmy  Choo has grown to become our largest brand with new pillars and extensions debuting regularly, both for men and women. Established fragrance collections, including Jimmy Choo , Jimmy Choo Man, and Jimmy Choo I Want Choo continue to see international success. In 2025 we further elevated both men’s and women’s lines with two new extensions: Jimmy Choo Man Extreme and Jimmy Choo I Want Choo With Love . In 2026 we are set to roll out new extensions to advance the ongoing growth of the brand.

Karl Lagerfeld — In 2012 , we entered into a 20 -year worldwide license agreement with Karl Lagerfeld B.V., the internationally renowned haute couture fashion house, to create, produce and distribute fragrances under the Karl Lagerfeld brand.

Under the creative direction of the late Karl Lagerfeld, one of the world’s most influential and iconic designers, the Lagerfeld Portfolio represents a modern approach to distribution, an innovative digital strategy and a global 360 degree vision that reflect the designer’s own style and soul. Karl Lagerfeld created the first fragrance that bears his name in 1978 , and that legacy has expanded to include several growing multi-scent collections, Les Parfums Matières, and more recently, Karl Cities, a new collection featuring entries for New York, Paris, Hamburg, Tokyo and Vienna was unveiled.

Since joining our portfolio, we have expanded the legacy fragrance families with new extensions, and have also launched the blockbuster fragrance Rouge as well as Ikonik , with its bottle design inspired by the late Karl Lagerfeld himself. In 2025 we launched two separate dual gender duos: Karl Lagerfeld Jeans Urban Pink and Urban Blue , and the two newest scents within the   Les Parfums Matières family, Bois De Santal and Fleur d’Iris . In 2026 we plan to launch two new fragrance duos for existing fragrance lines.

Kate Spade — In 2019 , we entered into an exclusive, 11 -year worldwide license agreement with Kate Spade to create, produce and distribute new perfumes and fragrance related products under the Kate Spade brand which we distribute globally to department and specialty stores and duty free shops, as well as in Kate Spade retail stores.

Since its launch in 1993 with a collection of six essential handbags, Kate Spade has always stood for optimistic femininity. Today, the brand is a global life and style house with handbags, ready-to-wear, jewelry, footwear, gifts, home décor and more. Polished ease, thoughtful details and a modern, sophisticated use of color—Kate Spade’s founding principles define a unique style synonymous with joy. Under the vision of its creative director, the brand continues to celebrate confident women with a youthful spirit. Kate Spade is part of the Tapestry house of brands.

Our  first original scent, Kate Spade New York , debuted in January 2021. We have continued to enrich the collection with extensions, including  Kate Spade Sparkle,  Kate Spade Cherie, as well as two new fragrances in 2025 − Chérie Je T’aime and Kate Spade New York Pop .

Lacoste – In December 2022, we closed a transaction agreement with Lacoste, whereby a 15-year exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production and distribution of Lacoste brand perfumes and cosmetics.

At the juncture of sport and fashion, Lacoste frees us up, creates movement in our lives, and liberates our self-expression. In every collection, in every line, Lacoste’s timeless elegance is captured through a combination of the creative and the classic. Since its beginnings, the crocodile’s aura has grown more powerful with every generation who has worn it, becoming a rallying sign beyond style. Passed from country to country, from one generation to the next, from one friend to another, Lacoste pieces become imbued with an emotional connection that raises them to the status of icons.

10

The Lacoste license took effect in January 2024, and we developed go-forward strategies, curated the collection, and produced entirely new fresh goods during the year. In 2024, we recreated Lacoste Original , the brand’s first men’s line and introduced the L.12.12 fragrance line.  In 2025, we enriched the Original line with a new men’s fragrance, Original Parfum , and the line’s first women’s fragrance, Original Femme . We also launched a new L.12.12 dual gender duo, Silver Rose and Silver Grey . In 2026, we will further expand the Lacoste fragrance lines with additional extensions, leveraging the strong foundation we’ve built in our first two years overseeing the brand. Sales of Lacoste fragrances exceeded our internal estimates and passed the $100 million in 2025 .

Lanvin — In 2007 , we acquired the worldwide rights to the Lanvin brand names and international trademarks listed in Class 3 , our class of trade. A synonym of luxury and elegance, the Lanvin fashion house, founded in 1889 by Jeanne Lanvin, expanded into fragrances in the 1920 s.

Lanvin fragrances occupy an important position in the selective distribution market in France, Eastern Europe and Asia, and we have several lines currently in distribution, including Éclat d’Arpège , Lanvin L’Homme , Jeanne Lanvin, Modern Princess, A Girl in Capri, and Les Fleurs de Lanvin.  Two new initiatives are planned in late 2026 and early 2028.

Longchamp — In July 2025, we signed an exclusive license agreement with Longchamp, through December 31, 2036. Interparfums SA will be responsible for the creation, development, production and distribution of fragrance lines in Longchamp-brand points of sale and selective distribution channels. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry.

Longchamp is a French luxury brand founded in 1948, renowned for its craftsmanship, authenticity, and modern creativity. Family-owned, the Maison blends heritage savoir‑faire with innovation, offering leather goods, accessories, and ready‑to‑wear designed for active, elegant lifestyles. Longchamp values sustainability, durability, and timeless design. Its distribution combines a strong global retail network of boutiques, a selective wholesale presence, and a robust e‑commerce platform, ensuring both exclusivity and accessibility worldwide.

MCM — In 2019 , we entered into an exclusive, 10 -year worldwide license agreement with German luxury fashion house MCM for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products under the MCM brand. The agreement has a 4 -year automatic renewal option, potentially extending the license until December 31, 2034.

MCM is a luxury lifestyle goods and fashion house founded in 1976 with an attitude defined by the cultural Zeitgeist and its German heritage with a focus on functional innovation, including the use of cutting-edge techniques. Today, through its association with music, art, travel and technology, MCM embodies the bold, rebellious and aspirational. Always with an eye on the disruptive, the driving force behind MCM centers on revolutionizing classic design with futuristic materials. MCM’s millennial and Gen Z audience is genderless, ageless, empowered and unconstrained by rules and boundaries.

Following through on our plan to develop extraordinary fragrances that capture the creative spirit of MCM, our first new fragrance, MCM , was released in 2021. In 2023, we debuted our first ever men’s scent, MCM Onyx , inspired by the brands beloved bags and later enriched the fragrance line with MCM Crush , MCM Diamonds , and the limited addition MCM fragrance encrusted with Swarovski crystals. In 2025 we launched a brand new six-scent collection, MCM Collection , inspired by the brands iconic animals. In 2026, we’ll debut new extensions designed to energize and expand the brand.

11

Moncler — In June 2020, we entered into an exclusive, 5 -year worldwide license agreement with a potential 5 -year extension with Moncler for the creation, development, and distribution of fragrances under the Moncler brand.

Moncler was founded at Monestier-de-Clermont, Grenoble, France, in 1952 and is currently headquartered in Italy. Over the years, the brand has combined style with constant technological research assisted by experts in activities linked to the world of the mountain. The Moncler outerwear collections marry the extreme demands of nature with those of city life.

Our first fragrance for the Moncler brand had a revolutionary LED design, and the flask-shaped bottles of Moncler Pour Femme and Moncler Pour Homme forged a powerful bond with the House Moncler’s alpine roots and pioneering spirit. Following the launches of the Les Sommets Moncler and Home collections in 2023 , we introduced a new Les Sommets extension in 2024 and continued to roll out the Moncler Sunrise duo.

Montblanc — In 2010 , we entered into an exclusive license agreement to create, develop, and distribute fragrances and fragrance related products under the Montblanc brand. In 2015 , we extended the agreement to December 31, 2025 and in 2023 , we extended the agreement for a second time through December 31, 2030.

Montblanc has achieved a world-renowned position in the luxury-based operations and has become a purveyor of exclusive products, which reflect today’s exacting demands for timeless design, tradition and master craftsmanship. Through its leadership positions in writing instruments, watches and leather goods, promising growth outlook in women’s jewelry, international retail footprint through its network of more than 600 boutiques, high standards of product design and quality, Montblanc has grown to be our third largest fragrance brand.

In 2011 ,  we launched our first new Montblanc fragrance, Legend, which quickly became our best-selling men’s line and has given rise to a plethora of extensions including Legend Night , Legend Spirit, Legend Red , and most recently the 2024 launch of Legend Blue . In 2014, we launched our second men’s line, Emblem and like its predecessor, Emblem gave rise to brand extensions. In 2019, we unveiled Montblanc Explorer , which has added numerous flankers including Ultra Blue and Platinum. In 2020, we introduced the women’s line, Signature . In 2024 we introduced the four-scent Montblanc Collection, and award winning singer and songwriter, John Legend, became the new ambassador of the   Legend   fragrance franchise. In 2025 we launched new men’s and women’s fragrances including the Montblanc  Explorer extension, Explorer Extreme , the Montblanc Collection extension, Star Oud , and Signature extension, Elixir . In 2026, we plan to introduce new extensions that reflect and reinforce the brand’s established vibrancy.

Nautica —

In January 2026, we entered into an exclusive,
20-year worldwide license agreement with global lifestyle brand Nautica   for the creation, development, production,
and distribution of fragrances under the Nautica brand name. Nautica is
world-renowned for bringing the inspiration of the sea to everyday style.   We are thrilled to collaborate with this
global lifestyle brand to enrich their existing portfolio and develop new
fragrances that channel the maritime spirit in a modern and accessible manner.
We estimate that total annual sales of the Nautica fragrance portfolio will
exceed $70 million in the first years under our management. Interparfums will
assume full global responsibility for Nautica fragrances effective January 1,
2030.

Off-White— In December 2024, Interparfums SA signed for all Off-White brand names and registered trademarks for Class 3 fragrance and cosmetic products, subject to an existing license that expired on December 31, 2025. Founded in 2012 by the late designer Virgil Abloh, Off-White is known for its high-end streetwear influences and bold approach to youth luxury. When Virgil Abloh founded Off-White, he sought to establish a brand with a universal design language that was artistic, disruptive and a reflection of concepts explored in the realm of youth culture. Off-White blends the worlds of streetwear and luxury in a spirit of talent and inventiveness.

This is a tremendous opportunity for us considering the brand’s unique positioning, not to mention Virgil Abloh’s impressive creative legacy. This brand will help us explore new openings for fragrances in the luxury sector. We plan to use 2026 for the initial development of the brand's fragrances and currently expect the first launch to be in 2027.

Oscar de la Renta — In 2013 , we entered into an exclusive worldwide license to create, produce and distribute fragrances and fragrance related products under the Oscar de la Renta brand. In 2019 , the agreement was extended through December 31, 2031, with an additional five -year option potentially extending the agreement through December 31, 2036.

12

Oscar de la Renta is one of the world’s leading luxury goods firms. The New York-based company was established in 1965 , and encompasses a full line of women’s accessories, bridal, children’s wear, fragrance, beauty and home goods, in addition to its internationally renowned signature women’s ready-to-wear collection. Oscar de la Renta products are sold globally in fine department and specialty stores, www.oscardelarenta.com and through wholesale channels.

After  taking over distribution of the brand’s legacy fragrances in 2014, we introduced Extraordinary the following year. Oscar de la Renta Bella Blanca debuted in 2018, followed by Bella Rosa, Bella Essence, Bella Bouquet, and Bella Night . In 2021, we debuted an entirely new fragrance pillar, Alibi, Alibi Eau Sensuelle , and more recently the Alibi Pop three-scent collection. We launched an extension to the Bella franchise, Bella Soleil, in 2025. We plan to roll out new extensions in 2026.

Roberto Cavalli — In July 2023, we closed a transaction agreement with Roberto Cavalli, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production and distribution of Roberto Cavalli brand perfumes and fragrance related products. The license became effective in July 2023 and will last for 6.5 years.

Roberto Cavalli scents are sophisticated, luxurious, and flamboyant, while Just Cavalli fragrances are designed to appeal to contemporary, urban customers that are young or young at heart. In addition to the two core lines, the house launched the Roberto Cavalli Gold Collection , an ultra-premium fragrance collection, in 2014 . Cavalli fragrances are distributed globally, with a concentration in Europe, the Middle East and the United States. Additionally, we partnered with one of the top luxury retailers and distributors in the Middle East, a key market, to further expand the brand.

We  began shipping new freshly produced goods in February 2024.    In 2025, we introduced an exciting and diverse lineup of fragrances as well as hair and body mists. Launches in 2025 featured the Gold Collection extension , Tobaccomore, Paradiso extension, Paradiso Rosa , the striking three‑scent Marbleous sub-collection, the dual gender Just Cavalli Give Me Magic fragrance duo, and, at the forefront, the blockbuster debut of Roberto Cavalli Serpentine . In 2026, we plan to introduce new extensions that reflect and reinforce the brand’s established allure, supporting continued momentum.

Rochas — In 2015 , we acquired the Rochas brand from The Procter & Gamble Company. Founded by Marcel Rochas in 1925 , the brand began as a fashion house and expanded into perfumery in the 1950 s under Hélène Rochas’ direction.

With Rochas, nature is synonymous with French-style gardens, eternal springs, freshness, and innocence. Never dry, these gardens are constantly irrigated by the water of dreams and lit by the sun of the imagination. Rochas’ birds and flowers are regularly revisited in the ready-to-wear creations and perfumes. They are part of the natural lifeblood of Rochas, a constant presence thronging with a multitude of colors and a very Parisian spirit.

Our  first new fragrance for Rochas, Mademoiselle Rochas , had a successful launch in 2017 in its traditional markets of France and Spain. Over the next few years, we debuted extensions for legacy scents Eau de Rochas and Mademoiselle Rochas, plus others, and in 2018 we launched our first new men’s line, Rochas Moustache .  Byzance and L’Homme Rochas debuted in early 2020 and Rochas Girl in 2021. We have added more extensions across these pillars in recent years including Eau de Rochas Citron Soleil , Rochas Girl Life , Eau de Rochas Orange Horizon , and  Mademoiselle Rochas in Paris . In 2025, we launched the blockbuster fragrance, Rochas Audace , and added an extension to the Eau de Rochas line, Néroli Azur . New extensions across several of the brand’s lines are scheduled for release in 2026.

Solférino — 2025 marked the creation of the Interparfums SA’s first proprietary brand Solférino ®,  a collection of 10 niche fragrances developed by star perfumers and intended for the collector’s fragrance market, to be launched initially through an ultra-selective distribution channel. Our first boutique entirely dedicated to the brand opened to the public in September 2025, along with an e-commerce site. The launch of this new brand reflects the Company’s medium-term growth strategy in the extremely buoyant high-end fragrance market. With the Solférino collection, a proprietary brand under development for the past two years, we will boast a rich and unique universe perfectly suited to the high-end fragrance market. This represents a first strategic step in the implementation of a new focus on a market that has exhibited sustained growth for several years. In 2026, we plan to add an 11th fragrance to the collection and will ramp up international distribution of the brand.

13

Van Cleef & Arpels — Our initial  12 -year license agreement with Van  Cleef  &  Arpels  was signed in  2006 .  In 2018 , we renewed our license agreement for an additional six years with Van Cleef & Arpels for the creation, development, and distribution of fragrance products through December 2024.  In 2024 , the license was renewed for a second time for an additional nine years through December 31, 2033.

Since its founding in 1896, Van Cleef & Arpels has often turned to nature as an inexhaustible source of inspiration. Enthralled by the constant metamorphoses of flora and fauna, the Maison creates pieces that echo the blooming of flowers and the lushness of gardens. Over the decades, the excellence and creativity of the High Jewelry Maison established its reputation across the world.

Van Cleef & Arpels fragrances in current distribution include: First and Collection Extraordinaire. Sales of the Collection Extraordinaire line have experienced continued growth since its debut. We continue to introduce new additions to the Van Cleef & Arpels Collection Extraordinaire assortment annually, including Oud Blanc , Rêve de Matiere, and Patchouli Blanc and Precious Incense, and the latest scent launched in 2025, Moonlight Cherry . Van Cleef & Arpels is a French luxury jewelry company owned by Richemont Holdings Limited.

Business Strategy

Focus on prestige beauty brands . Prestige beauty brands are expected to contribute significantly to our growth. We focus on developing and launching quality fragrances utilizing internationally renowned brand names. By identifying and concentrating on the most receptive market based operations and territories where our brands are known, and executing highly targeted launches that capture the essence of the brand, we have had a history of successful launches. Certain fashion designers and other licensors choose us as a partner because our Company’s size enables us to work more closely with them in the product development process as well as our successful track record.

Grow portfolio brands through new product development and marketing . We grow through the creation of fragrance family extensions within the existing brands in our portfolio, and regularly create a new family of fragrances for each brand in our portfolio. In addition, we frequently introduce seasonal and limited edition fragrances as well. Our use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) has enabled us to develop new products and marketing more rapidly. With new introductions, we leverage our ability and experience to gauge trends in the market and further leverage the brand name into different product families to maximize sales and profit potential. We have successfully introduced new fragrance families (sub-brands or flankers) within our brand franchises. Further, we promote the performance of our prestige fragrance operations through knowledge of the market, detailed analysis of the image and potential of each brand name, and a highly professional approach to international distribution channels.

Continue to add new brands to our portfolio, through new licenses or acquisitions. Prestige brands are the core of our business, and we intend to add new prestige beauty brands to our portfolio. For over 40 years, we have built our portfolio of well-known prestige brands through acquisitions and new license agreements. We intend to further build on our success in prestige fragrances and pursue new licenses and acquire new brands to strengthen our position in the prestige beauty market. During 2022, we closed a transaction agreement with Lacoste, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted to Interparfums SA for the production and distribution of Lacoste brand perfumes and cosmetics effective January 1, 2024. During 2023, we closed a transaction agreement with Roberto Cavalli, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production and distribution of Roberto Cavalli brand perfumes and fragrance related products. This license became effective in July 2023. In December 2024, Interparfums SA purchased all Off-White brand names and registered trademarks for Class 3 fragrance and cosmetic products, subject to an existing license that expired on December 31, 2025, when Interparfums SA began commercial use of the fragrance brands. In March 2025 our 72% owned French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, acquired the Goutal fragrance brand, and in July 2025 Interparfums SA signed an exclusive license agreement with Longchamp, a Parisian Maison, through December 31, 2036. In early 2026 we signed two license agreements for Nautica and David Beckham. As of December 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $295.2 million, which we believe should assist us in entering new brand licenses or outright acquisitions. We identify prestige brands that can be developed and marketed into full and varied product families and, with our technical knowledge and practical experience gained over time, take licensed brand names through all phases of concept, development, manufacturing, marketing and distribution.

14

Expand existing portfolio into new categories . We selectively broaden our product offering beyond the fragrance category and offer other fragrance related products and personal care products under some of our existing brands. We believe such product offerings meet customer needs, generate trial and further strengthen customer loyalty.

Continue to build a global distribution footprint . Our business is a global business, and we intend to continue to build our global distribution footprint. In order to adapt to changes in the environment and our business, in addition to our arrangements with third party distributors globally, we are operating distribution subsidiaries or divisions in the major markets of the United States, France, Italy, South Korea and Spain for distribution of prestige fragrances. We may look into future joint arrangements or acquire distribution companies within other key markets to distribute certain of our prestige brands. While building a global distribution footprint is part of our long-term strategy, we may need to make certain decisions based on the short-term needs of the business. We believe that in certain markets, vertical integration of our distribution network may be one of the keys to future growth of our Company, and ownership of such distribution should enable us to better serve our customers’ needs in local markets and adapt more quickly as situations may determine.

Production and Supply

The stages of the development and production process for all fragrances are as follows:

●
Simultaneous discussions with perfume designers and creators (includes analysis of esthetic and olfactory trends, target clientele and market communication approach)

●
Concept choice

●
Produce mock-ups for final acceptance of bottles and packaging

●
Receive bids from component suppliers (glass makers, plastic processors, printers, etc.) and packaging companies

●
Choose suppliers, including glass and mold development with the concerned component suppliers

●
Schedule production and packaging

●
Issue component purchase orders

●
Follow quality control procedures for incoming components; and

●
Follow packaging and inventory control procedures.

15

Suppliers who assist us with product development include, but are not limited to :

●
Independent perfumery design companies (Aesthete, Carré Basset, PI Design, Cent Degres)

●
Perfumers (IFF, Givaudan, Firmenich, Robertet, Takasago, Mane, Sozio, Synarome, Symrise) who create a fragrance consistent with our expectations and, that of the fragrance designers and creators

●
Fillers ( Voyant, CPFPI, Omega Packaging, Societe de Diffusion de Produits de Parfumerie, TSM Brands, ICR, Cosmint, Tatra, Arcade Beauty , Jacomo, Parfums Vabel, Cosmeurop, CCI Production, Edipar, MF Production Bains, SDPP Alcool, Fareva Poissy, MF Productions bains, Cosmopar, BPS60, BPS02, CPC, Biopack , SDPP Samur )

●
Bottle manufacturers  ( Pochet du Courval, Verescence, Zignago Brosse, Vetro Brosse, Bormioli Luigi, Stoelzle Masnières, Heinz), caps (Qualipac, ALBEA, CMSI, Codiplas, Axilone Plastiques, LF Beauty, Texen Group, S.A.R.L. J3P SBG Packaging Group), pumps (Silgan Dispensing Systems Thomaston Corp, Aptar, Rexam) or boxes (Wauters, Autajon MMP, Group Toruneville, Pusterla, Nortier, Egisa, Verpack, Diamond Packaging, TPC Printing)

●
Logistics (MM Operations Srl, formerly known as DiFarco, Clarins, ADS and CEVA Logistics for storage, order preparation and shipment)

Suppliers’ accounts for our European based operations are primarily settled in euros and for our United States based operations, suppliers’ accounts are primarily settled in U.S. dollars. For our European based operations components for our prestige fragrances are purchased from many suppliers around the world and are primarily manufactured in France.

For United States based operations, components for our prestige fragrances are sourced from many suppliers around the world and are primarily manufactured in the United States and Italy. Additionally, we occasionally utilize third party manufacturers in China, Poland and Turkey.

Environmental, Social & Governance ("ESG")

Both our United States based operations and our European based operations are good corporate citizens and take our responsibilities seriously. We comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in general, and in particular with regard to chemicals and hazardous materials. Throughout our supply chain, from procurement of components to distribution of finished products, we act responsibly and monitor and comply with all legal requirements. While we do not own our manufacturing facilities, we set a high bar with our industrial partners by placing an emphasis on quality, the use of good manufacturing practices and innovation, and encouraging them to build strong ESG programs of their own. Like many of our industry competitors, we are applying a multifunctional and comprehensive approach in addressing the issues of corporate, environmental and social responsibility and transparency, building off the UN Sustainable Development Goals. Our European based operations have led the way on this initiative, but our US operations are actively catching up.

Interparfums, Inc., is using a multi-step process for ESG related activities and reporting. Following the work done in ESG by our French based subsidiary, Interparfums SA, in September 2022 we launched our United States ESG program for our subsidiaries, Interparfums, USA LLC in the United States and Interparfums, Italia Srl in Italy. Data regarding our regional sales offices in Geneva, Dubai and Hong Kong is in the process of being incorporated in the ESG strategy. We intend that the final step in our ESG reporting will be the combination of both ESG programs into a single cohesive report.

16

We are committed to:

● Reducing and optimizing our environmental footprint.  Climate change requires urgent action. Quantifying and disclosing our carbon impact, including scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, is the first step in making measurable progress on environmental sustainability.

● Creating a more diverse and inclusive culture and impacting our community .   Our human capital is our greatest asset. We want to build a culture genuinely focused on listening to employees, supporting their development, and leveraging their value.

● Understanding the impact of our fragrances throughout their whole life cycle. Responsible product design and ingredient procurement allows us to respond to evolving social and environmental challenges, making our work a force for good. The Company has partnered with EcoVadis to assess our suppliers' corporate social responsibility performance.

● Acting transparently and responsibly. We are committed to safety, compliance, and proactively addressing critical ingredient challenges (particularly regarding chemicals and hazardous materials). Areas of focus include ensuring the health and safety of consumers and designing products that are vegan friendly, that reduce the pressure on endangered natural resources and that are recyclable.

Additionally, Interparfums ,  Inc . adheres to corporate governance codes including but not limited to anti-hedging, bribery, fraud, and prohibition against insider trading. The Company’s management is responsible for the development and implementation of its ESG strategies and programs. Ultimate  oversight  by the Company’s Board of Directors is included in its committee charters and practices.  Interparfums ,  Inc . is a publicly traded company ( Nasdaq  GS: IPAR), and files reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our largest subsidiary,  72 % owned  Interparfums  SA, is also a publicly traded company as  28 % of  Interparfums  SA shares trade on the  Euronext  and is subject to the reporting requirements of the  Euronext .  Interparfums  SA also maintains a governance policy that relates to its status as a French publicly held company, in addition to complying with this governance policy, where applicable.

Additional detailed information on Interparfums, Inc.'s ESG efforts, including our ESG Reports, can be found on our Company's ESG Dashboard at https://www.interparfumsinc.com/esg . Additional information published by our French based subsidiary, Interparfums SA, including their ESG Reports can be found on their website at https://www.interparfums-finance.fr/en/csr-strategy/. References to our ESG Reports on these websites are hereby incorporated by reference to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Marketing and Distribution

Our products are distributed in over 120 countries around the world through a selective distribution network. For our international distribution, we either contract with independent distribution companies specializing in luxury goods or distribute prestige products through our distribution subsidiaries. In each country, we designate anywhere from one to three distributors on an exclusive basis for one or more of our name brands. We also distribute our products through a variety of duty free operators, such as airports and airlines, and select vacation destinations.

As our business is a global one , we intend to continue to build our global distribution footprint. For the distribution of brands within our European based operations, we operate through our distribution subsidiaries or divisions in the major markets of the United States, France, Italy, South Korea and Spain, in addition to our arrangements with third party distributors globally. Our third party distributors vary in size depending on the number of competing brands they represent. This extensive and diverse network together with our own distribution subsidiaries provides us with a significant presence in over 120 countries around the world.

Approximately  50 % of our European based prestige fragrance net sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. We address certain financial exposures through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We primarily enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates.

17

The business of our European based operations has become increasingly seasonal due to the timing of shipments by our distribution subsidiaries and divisions to their customers, which are weighted to the second half of the year.

For our United States based operations, we distribute products to retailers and distributors in the United States as well as internationally, including duty free and other travel-related retailers. We also utilize our in-house sales team to reach our third party distributors and customers outside the United States. In addition, the business of our United States based operations has become increasingly seasonal as shipments are weighted toward the second half of the year.

Competition

The market for prestige fragrance products is highly competitive and sensitive to changing preferences and demands. The prestige fragrance industry is highly concentrated around certain major players with resources far greater than ours. We compete with an original strategy, regular and methodical development of quality fragrances for a growing portfolio of internationally renowned brand names.

Inventory

We purchase raw materials and component parts from suppliers based on internal estimates of anticipated need for finished goods, which enables us to meet production requirements for finished goods. We generally ship products to customers within 72 hours of the receipt of their orders. Our business is not capital intensive, and it is important to note that we do not own manufacturing facilities. We act as a general contractor and source our needed components from our suppliers. These components are received at one of our distribution centers and then, based upon production needs, the components are sent to one of several third party fillers or directly to one of those third party fillers, which manufacture the finished products for us and then deliver them to one of our distribution centers.

Product Liability

Our United States based operations maintain product liability coverage in an amount of $ 10.0 million, and our European based operations maintain product liability coverage in an amount of €25 million (approximately $29.4 million). Based upon our experience, we believe this coverage is adequate and covers substantially all of the exposure we may have with respect to our products. We have never been the subject of any material product liability claims.

Government Regulation

Under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, including the recent amendments with the passage of the Modernization of Cosmetics Regulation Act of 2022 (MoCRA), fragrance products and other fragrance based personal care products, are regulated as cosmetics. The products include, but are not limited to, perfumes, colognes, fragrance mists, body sprays, body lotions, shower gels and aftershaves. They must meet the same safety requirements as other cosmetic products under MoCRA. Compliance for cosmetics includes ensuring they are safe for consumers when used according to labeled directions or as consumers customarily used.

Under the Fair Packaging and Labelling Act, companies and individuals who manufacture or market cosmetics have the legal responsibility to ensure the products are sold with accurate, clear, and informative labeling on products.

18

Our fragrance products and other fragrance based personal care products manufactured and marketed in Europe are also regulated as cosmetics and subject to EU Regulation 1223 / 2009 . After Brexit, they are subject to the United Kingdom regulation of The UK Schedule 34 to the Product Safety and Metrology Regulations 2019 . As of the date of this report, Interparfums products are in compliance with these regulations.

Trademarks

The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our trademarks and brand names. We have licenses or other rights to use, or own, the material trademark and brand name rights used in connection with the packaging, marketing and distribution of our major products both in the United States and in other countries where such products are principally sold. Therefore, trademark and brand name protection are important to our business. Although most of the brand names we license, use or own are registered in the United States and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we may not be successful in asserting trademark or brand name protection. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our trademarks and brand names may be substantial.

Under various licenses and other agreements, we have the right to use certain registered trademarks throughout the world for fragrance products. These registered trademarks include:

●
Abercrombie & Fitch

●
Anna Sui

●
Boucheron

●
Coach

●
David Beckham (commencing in 2028)

●
Donna  Karan/ DKNY

●
Emanuel  Ungaro

●
Ferragamo

●
French Connection

●
Graff

●
GUESS

●
Hollister

●
Jimmy Choo

●
Kate Spade

●
Karl  Lagerfeld

●
Lacoste

●
Longchamp

●
MCM

●
Moncler

●
Montblanc

●
Nautica  (commencing in 2030)

●
Oscar de la  Renta

●
Roberto  Cavalli

●
Van  Cleef  &  Arpels

19

In addition, we are the registered owner of several trademarks for fragrance and beauty products, including:

●
Rochas

●
Lanvin  (Class  3  only)

●
Off-White (Class  3   only)

●
Solférino

●
Goutal

●
Intimate

●
Tristar

Equity Investments

In June 2020, our Company and Divabox, owner of the Origines-parfums e-commerce platform for beauty products, signed a strategic agreement and equity investment pursuant to which we acquired 25 % of Divabox capital for $ 14 million through a capital increase.

Human Capital

General

As of December 31, 2025 , we had 662 full-time employees worldwide. Of these, 377 are full-time employees of our European based operations and its subsidiaries, with 142 employees engaged in sales activities and 235 in other departments, including administrative, production and marketing activities. Our United States based operations, consisting of offices in the United States, Italy, Hong Kong, Switzerland, and Dubai, has 285 full-time employees, and of these, 123 are engaged in sales activities and 162 in administrative, production, and marketing activities. Other than for the employees of Interparfums Italia Srl, we do not have collective bargaining agreements relating to any of our employees, and we believe the collective bargaining agreement for our employees of Interparfums Italia Srl will not have a material adverse effect on our operations.

United States Based Operations

Interparfums is a company connecting thousands of customers around the world through our global presence, but our true strength lies in the extraordinary individuals who power our success. We believe innovation flourishes when diverse minds come together. Our people bring together unique perspectives, varied life experiences, and rich cultural insights. By cultivating an environment where every voice is valued and everyone belongs, we empower our teams to collaborate and push the boundaries of what's possible.

Employee-Focused Value Proposition

One of Interparfums biggest strengths is in our employees. Our people are the source of creativity and innovation. To support and maintain this depth of talent, Interparfums aims to create a work environment that promotes the following employee-focused value propositions:

- Cultivating a culture that promotes our values of entrepreneurship, commitment, creativity and passion.

- Developing a respectful and inclusive work environment

- Empowering employees to develop their skills and grow their careers.

- Fostering team spirit and cross-functional collaboration

- Ensuring equal opportunity for all.

20

Offering a Workplace Free from Discrimination and Harassment, and Building a Workplace That Promotes Inclusion

At Interparfums,  we've created a workplace where every individual's unique identity is celebrated as a source of collective strength. We share an unwavering commitment to fostering an environment where everyone can bring their whole selves to work with confidence and pride. Our approach to inclusion is recognized at the leadership level and throughout our whole organization. Ensuring that all employees feel safe and supported at work is a top priority. We require all US employees to participate in comprehensive anti-harassment training. For issues such as allegations of harassment or discrimination, our United States Employee Handbook outlines a grievance mechanism so that incidents are reported directly to employees’ supervisor or the Chief Human Resource Officer. Supervisors are required to notify the Human Resources Department immediately upon receiving any reports of harassment, and we prohibit any form of retaliation against employees for filing good faith complaints under our policy.

Recruitment and Onboarding

We welcome new employees through a structured onboarding process to ensure that they seamlessly integrate into the Interparfums workplace and culture. Our goal is to provide a warm and welcoming environment from our employees’ very first day.

Our buddy program pairs tenured employees with new hires to welcome them and facilitate the onboarding process during their first three months. This role is intended to supplement employees’ managers to help grasp our ways of working and workplace culture.

In Italy, our employee onboarding process includes a welcome day with training on company history and values, cross-functional team meetings, and a new employee team dinner.

We also have an onboarding program in the United States, which includes departments across the organization, gain insight into how our fragrances are created, and develop a strong understanding of our culture, values, and ways of working. Designed to support connection and engagement, these sessions help set our employees up for long-term success.

Newcomer’s Week also creates space for open dialogue, knowledge sharing, and relationship building, reinforcing our commitment to collaboration and a strong sense of belonging from day one.

Beyond onboarding, we continue to foster a sense of collaboration and innovation among our employees with our annual seminars for all global employees. This provides a platform for our employees to present a comprehensive perspective on our brands, products, and marketing strategies to facilitate greater alignment across the company.

Career and Talent Development

Our greatest asset, and the key to our success, is our people. Our employees come to Interparfums to build legacies, not just careers. This is exemplified by our executive leadership team, many of whom have shaped our journey for decades. Newer leaders, such as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer, have also integrated into our longstanding culture and have contributed greatly to our success. For new employees, our Human Resources team created a new employee welcome guide to provide support resources for new hires at multiple stages of their first year of employment with Interparfums. We continue to support our employees with a performance management program, which is initiated by our Human Resources Office and owned by the employees themselves. This program is designed to drive individual performance and organizational effectiveness by aligning individual and company objectives. Employees set their business and career development goals, so they are empowered to take advantage of professional advancement possibilities. By integrating individual goals, continuous feedback, and career development milestones, we are nurturing careers that will drive our success.

21

Finally, we emphasize our core values of entrepreneurship, creativity, and passion by bringing together experienced team members with institutional knowledge alongside newer hires with fresh perspectives. To recognize employee tenure, we introduced an Employee Anniversary Program to acknowledge employees who have been with us for 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, or 25 and more years. Employees reaching these milestones receive recognition and are invited to join CEO Jean and the Leadership Team for a celebratory lunch or toast.

Performance Evaluation System

At Interparfums, we believe growth happens through meaningful dialogue and purposeful development. Launched in 2022 , our performance management approach drives individual performance and organizational effectiveness by aligning individual and company objectives and setting clear, fair, and transparent expectations for success. Enabling and empowering all employees to develop their skills and align with career advancement possibilities is integral to this process. Finally, the goal is to promote ongoing opportunities for employees and managers to exchange feedback on performance, milestones, development, and build stronger work relationships. The journey begins in January with goal setting and development planning. Company objectives with measurable key performance indicators are shared at the beginning of the year and cascaded down to each department. In alignment with our Company’s goals, employees set their individual goals for their respective roles. Interparfums aims for this process to be productive and engaging between managers and their teams. The year culminates in a comprehensive review that identifies achievements while charting the course for future growth. By weaving together individual goals, continuous feedback, and career development, we're not just managing performance – we are nurturing careers and building lasting partnerships that drive our collective success

Employee Engagement

Our goal is to build a culture where our employees feel included, engaged, and motivated. To learn about what drives our employees and to understand their priorities, we issued two companywide Engagement Surveys in 2025. These surveys give us critical insights into the needs of our employees. Based on the results, our HR team was able to design People & Talent initiatives with a focus on onboarding, performance, internal communications, and company culture. The results of these surveys were also shared with employees during Town Hall meetings to facilitate a deeper conversation. These presentations give employees the opportunity to present Company performance results, function updates, share wins and successes, and provide a forum for Q&A.

Our  employee engagement is not just led from the top; employees are also offered opportunities to participate in internal engagement programs like our Holiday Party Committee. To celebrate our employees, the Holiday Party Committee participated in a popular initiative where employees could be nominated for awards to be announced at our end of year holiday gathering. Awards were presented to employees voted “Ace of Spades”, “Club of Consistency”, “Heart of Gold”, “Jack of Innovation”, “Wildcard Wonder “, based on our “Casino” party theme.

In Italy, we implemented remote working two days per week and flexible working hours (different start and end times for employee’s workday). Community and team building events are organized to actively promote and strengthen the sense of belonging (Interparfums Italia’s birthday, Summer Party, Christmas and Easter dinners). The offices have been refurbished with a dining room for socializing and relaxing over complimentary coffee, tea and cookies. At Easter and Christmas, associations benefited from philanthropic funding by purchasing chocolate eggs (for AIL - Italian Association against Leukemia, Lymphoma and Myeloma), Christmas cards and gift baskets (for ANT - Home Medical Care for Cancer Patients), and Christmas Jumper day (for Save the Children, to protect children's rights and ensure their well-being through aid and advocacy).

Finally, to nurture employee engagement, we hold quarterly presentations with all employees presenting company results, function updates, celebrate successes and open the floor to Q&As.

22

Compensation and Benefits

Interparfums provides employees with a number of competitive financial and non-financial benefits. Our full-time US-based employees are provided an increasingly attractive employment package including Medical, Dental, Vision, basic and voluntary Life Insurance, AD&D Short-term and Long-Term Disability, a 401(k) program (plus company match), parental leave, and commuter benefits.

For our Italian operations, some of the benefits are required by law, such as health insurance for employees and family coverage, supplementary voluntary severance scheme, parental leave, study leave and paid time off. A welfare plan is provided for employees in Italy that each employee can use through a dedicated platform that comprises a broad range of benefits and services (transport and mobility, education, health, culture and leisure time, supplementary pension, fringe benefit). Ten paid hours per year are allocated for medical appointments. Lunch vouchers per day worked are given to cover lunch expenses. Depending on the position, specific categories of employees are entitled to a company mobile phone and unlimited internet access.

In our New York office, Fridays are work-from-home, with reduced “Summer Fridays” working hours between Memorial Day and Labor Day weekend. In Italy, we implemented remote working two days per week with flexible working hours throughout the week.

Offering a Healthy and Environmentally Conscious Workplace

Since September 2022 our New York City office has been partnering with Fraîche to provide smart fridges that are stocked every day with high-quality and on-trend items curated from their local partner restaurants and brands. Our New York City-based employees can have access to meals, drinks, and snacks and our Company gives each employee a daily credit to be used. We are very glad to be part of the Fraîche journey.

We are also doing our part to facilitate sustainability initiatives within our office. As part of our New York office’s Earth Day celebration, we circulated updated resources on our in-office recycling program. The New York office also continued its recycling initiative with color-coded bins and printed sorting instructions to facilitate the appropriate disposal of everyday items. Our Italy office also maintains an office recycling program.

Our Information Technology ("IT") department coordinated two partnerships to facilitate the return and responsible disposal of electronics. The first was with Regentech USA, a computer recycling company, to recycle unused electronics. The second was Computer 4 People, a nonprofit that seeks to refurbish donated electronic devices and provide opportunities to individuals and communities to thrive in the digital age. These partnerships help us act as responsible citizens and find the best pathways for our unused or unneeded electronics.

European Based Operations

The strength of Interparfums SA’s organizational model lies in the small size of its teams and even distribution of ages and levels of responsibility, enabling it to benefit from a wide range of experience. Employees are our main driver of value creation, and their fulfilment at work and their motivation are essential requirements for their development.

23

Caring Employer Committed to Everyone's Success

Interparfums SA is committed to living its values on a daily basis: respect and benevolence, creativity, trust, commitment and loyalty, and has identified several key challenges, listed below, related to working conditions:

●
Developing a sense of belonging

●
Respect for social dialogue

●
Quality of working conditions

●
Concern for the health and safety of everyone

●
Work-life balance

All these challenges were formalized in 2022 in the “Responsible Employer” charter, which was brought to the attention of all employees and is available on the www.interparfums-finance.fr website. The purpose of this document is to set out a framework within which everyone can operate. Attentive and committed to the success of every employee, Interparfums acts on a daily basis, right from the recruitment process and throughout the life of employment by striving to:

●

preserve everyone's quality of life at work

●
give all employees the best possible chance of success.

Employee Support

In 2025, I nterparfums conducted an employee engagement survey across France and its subsidiaries. The participation rate reached 82.5%, while the employee recommendation rate stood at 91.4%, reflecting a very high level of engagement and an improvement compared to the 2023 survey.

Several initiatives were implemented during the year to enhance employee well‑being, including the installation of smart fridges to provide access to healthy, seasonal, and affordable food. Internal communication was also strengthened through the regular publication of newsletters.

In addition, Interparfums was ranked second among the top five companies in its sector in ChooseMyCompany’s HappyIndex®AtWork ranking. This recognition, based entirely on employee feedback covering criteria such as professional development, working environment, management, recognition, purpose, and sustainability, highlights the Group’s continued commitment to fostering a positive and motivating workplace aligned with its values.

The next employee engagement survey is scheduled for early 2027.

Job Security, Working Hours and Wages

Interparfums SA has put in place pay rules as well as job classification and performance evaluation systems that are applied to all employees, which help guarantee fairness and equality. Interparfums' policy is to pay all its employees a salary that ensures them and their families a better standard of living than the national average in the country in which they work. In this context, the pay of Interparfums employees includes a fixed and a variable component, as well as exceptional bonuses paid on the basis of Interparfums SA’s results.

In France, Interparfums SA pays 100% of the cost of the base health insurance plan for all employees (permanent, fixed-term, apprenticeship or professional trainees). It applies to each employee as soon as he or she joins the workforce, with no waiting period. A supplementary health insurance plan is also offered to all employees, with no waiting period, as soon as they join the workforce. As the claims/contributions ratio has been positive for several years (due to compliance with the obligations of the responsible contract described in the French Social Security Financing Act and the specifications established in 2019 with the 100% health reform, among others), certain consumption items have been significantly improved in 2024 in favor of employees.

24

In accordance with French legislation, a profit‑sharing agreement has been in place since 2001. Additionally, a significant gross amount of €4.35 million ( €5.2 million including social charges) was distributed to employees during the first quarter of 2025 related to a performance-based free share plan granted to employees which was implemented in 2022. A new performance-based free share plan was implemented in December 2025 which an expected payout upon vesting in March 2029.

Interparfums SA offers all its employees working in France (after 3 months with the company) a Company Savings Plan to encourage employee savings by offering several types of funds to suit individual projects. Since 2017, Interparfums SA has upgraded its plan by offering an “Interparfums Shareholder Fund,” enabling them to benefit from changes in the value of the Interparfums SA shares within an advantageous tax framework. These payments into the Interparfums Shareholder Fund are accompanied by a substantial matching contribution from the company. In addition, a Collective Retirement Savings Plan enables all employees to prepare for their retirement and to benefit from a substantial company contribution. Employees also have the option of transferring part of their unused leave to the Collective Retirement Savings Plan each year. Management employees benefit from a supplementary pension contract with defined contributions and compulsory membership. This individual contract is funded by monthly employee and employer contributions, which are freely allocated. Interparfums SA has chosen to help its employees build up this pension, which complement their retirement, by paying a significant proportion of the contributions. Special pension arrangements are available for employees of Interparfums SA’s subsidiaries in Singapore and the United States.

Social Dialogue

For employees working in France, elections for staff representative organizations are held every four years, as required by law. The Social and Economic Committee (“CSE”) was renewed in June 2023. It consists of three management staff members, including a designated harassment officer. The CSE meets once a month to be informed and consulted on strategic and organizational issues that have an impact on the employees. Following the return of the CSE in June 2023, the "Health and Safety at Work" committee was re-established as a continuation of the previous Hygiene, Safety and Work Conditions Committee. The committee is made up of two non-managerial staff and usually meets once a quarter. An employee designated as responsible for health, safety and working conditions has been appointed internally. A number of employees trained in first aid are trained every two years, and health advisers have also been appointed since the Covid pandemic started in 2020.

Health and Safety

In 2025, three work-related accidents were recorded with no sick leave. No occupational illnesses have been reported. As Interparfums has no production site, the risk of work-related accidents is not material. In addition, Interparfums SA’s operations do not create safety hazards.

Our employees, who work mainly in the offices at our Paris headquarters, enjoy excellent working conditions. In 2022, the premises were transferred to a single site on rue de Solférino, in a building renovated to the latest standards in terms of user comfort. Smart systems mean everyone can manage their own lighting and ventilation. The site is easily accessible by public transport, and its car park has bicycle spaces and two vehicle charging points.

In addition, Interparfums SA is particularly sensitive to the issue of good posture at work and the prevention of musculoskeletal risks. Mobile employees are provided with good quality company cars, and all have IT equipment tailored to their needs. Interparfums SA has also implemented several measures to maintain good working conditions for its employees, its service providers, and particularly those working permanently in its logistics warehouse. These include: a warehouse heated to 11°C/   51.8°Fahrenheit (with the provision of suitable clothing, individual changing rooms and showers, premises with natural light, a dedicated and well-maintained lunch area,  etc. ). Following a review of workstations designed to measure difficult working conditions, no workstations have been identified as difficult.

Further, as part of the drive to prevent psychosocial risks, a counselling and psychological support service is available to employees via a dedicated toll-free number, in partnership with the  Institut d'Accompagnement Permanent   Psychologique et de Ressources  (IAPR).

25

Involve Employees in High Impact Philanthropic Initiatives

Interparfums SA is also developing social initiatives in the following areas:

●

development of local economy

●
relations with educational organizations

●
funding for community projects.

Beginning in  2024 and continuing through 2025, Interparfums decided to support the  Société des Amis des Musées d'Orsay et de l'Orangerie . These museums are ideally located next to Interparfums SA’s headquarters, and their programs should enable employees to broaden their knowledge, arouse their curiosity and even discover new sources of inspiration as part of a “cultural vacation”. Thanks to this partnership, they can discover the exhibitions and rich permanent collections of these  two  museums free of charge.

Additionally in 2025, Interparfums decided to support the Tara
Ocean Foundation over a three‑year period. The scientific
schooner Tara embarked on an 18‑month expedition to the Coral
Triangle, a marine area located in the Asia‑ Pacific reg ion; to understand why and how certain
corals are able to withstand global warming, and to help inform future
conservation strategies.

Long Term Support for Charity and Initiatives

Interparfums SA supports charities and organizations working in the fields of solidarity, children, fighting exclusion, healthcare and more by providing financial aid to help them carry out their projects. Since  2018 , through the Givaudan Foundation, Interparfums has helped install  10  school infrastructures in Sulawesi, the Indonesian island where the patchouli specific to Montblanc Explorer Eau de Parfum is grown. By  2023 , more than  1,200  children and  110  schoolteachers had benefited from this initiative. In  2024 , Interparfums SA renewed its partnership with the Givaudan Foundation for the seventh consecutive year. Also in  2024 , support was once again given to the CEW  ( Cosmetic Executive Women) to finance volunteer beauticians caring for women suffering from cancer, and to EliseCare, which helps civilian populations affected by war.

Equal Treatment and Opportunities for All

With a management style that is very family-oriented and close to employees, everyone is free to share their ideas while respecting the company’s values. Management attaches the utmost importance to ensuring that everyone understands and supports Interparfums SA’s strategy. The flexibility of the organization, which is essentially made up of small teams, means that it can quickly adapt to any changes or developments in the external environment.

Sharing the “Interparfums spirit” also means that all employees adhere to and are aware of Interparfums SA’s ethical values, as well as ensuring that employees feel fulfilled at work and respect good working conditions. This ethical commitment has been formalized in a “Business Ethics Charter,” to which everyone adheres and which particularly focuses on health, safety, discipline, risk prevention, harassment, respect for individual freedoms, sensitive transactions, fraud and business confidentiality. Since 2017, a charter on the “right to disconnect,”  i.e.,  a French labor law provision that allows employees to ignore work-related communications, such as emails and phone calls, outside of their official working hours has also been in place, and every employee has signed up to it.

The Human Resources Department is particularly vigilant in each of its recruitments. Only the skills, experience, qualifications and personality of candidates are taken into account when selecting new recruits. Diversity of profiles, cultures, ages and genders is a source of strength for our teams, the company’s greatest asset. Since 2019, Interparfums has organized an annual disability awareness campaign.

On November 20, 2025, Interparfums had the opportunity to take part for the second time in DuoDay, a nationwide French initiative designed to help people with disabilities discover the corporate world. On this occasion, six duos were formed between participants and Interparfums employees, providing insight into our marketing, development, and sales roles. This initiative offered a meaningful opportunity to share our expertise while fostering greater awareness, challenging perceptions of disability, and helping to break down stereotypes.

Thanks to these awareness-raising campaigns and local support from the Human Resources teams, four employees have been recognized as disabled workers via the RQTH (Recognition as a Worker with a Disability). Interparfums SA also contributes indirectly to the employment of people with disabilities and fights exclusion and discrimination. In particular, it has chosen to work with a disability-friendly company for the packaging of its perfume boxes.

Employees Training

The quality of the work carried out by the teams is enhanced throughout. the careers of our employees by training in order to maintain a high level of competence in all business categories. To this end, Interparfums SA offers all its employees development plans enabling them to broaden their technical, managerial and personal skills.

26

Item 1 A. Risk Factors.

You should carefully consider these material risk factors before you decide to purchase or sell shares of our common stock. These factors could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements made by us. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

●

Fragrance Business, Brand Names and Intellectual Property

We are dependent upon the continuation and renewal of various licenses and other agreements for a significant portion of our sales, and the loss of one or more licenses or agreements could have a material adverse effect on us.

All of our rights relating to prestige fragrance brands, other than Off-White, Lanvin, Goutal and Rochas, are derived from licenses or other agreements from unaffiliated third parties, and our business is dependent upon the continuation and renewal of such licenses and other agreements on terms favorable to us. Each license or agreement is for a specific term and may have additional optional terms. Generally, each license is subject to us making required royalty payments (which are subject to certain minimums), minimum advertising and promotional expenditures and meeting minimum sales requirements. Other agreements are generally subject to meeting minimum sales requirements. Just as the loss of a license or other significant agreement may have a material adverse effect on us, a renewal on less favorable terms may also negatively impact us.

If we are unable to acquire or license additional brands or obtain the required financing for these agreements and arrangements, then the growth of our business could be impaired.

Our future expansion through acquisitions or new product license or distribution arrangements, if any, will depend upon the capital resources and working capital available to us. Further, we may be unable to obtain financing or credit that we may require for additional licenses, acquisitions or other transactions. We may be unsuccessful in identifying, negotiating, financing and consummating such acquisitions or arrangements on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could hinder our ability to increase revenues and build our business. Just as the loss of a license or other significant agreement may have a material adverse effect on us, our failure to acquire rights to new brands may also negatively impact us.

We may engage in future acquisitions that we may not be able to successfully integrate or manage. These acquisitions may dilute our stockholders and cause us to incur debt and assume contingent liabilities.

We continuously review acquisition prospects that would complement our current product offerings, increase our size and geographic scope of operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. The financing, if available, for any of these acquisitions could significantly dilute our stockholders and/or result in an increase in our indebtedness. We may acquire or make investments in businesses or products in the future, and such acquisitions may entail numerous integration risks and impose costs on us, including:

●

difficulties in assimilating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from acquired businesses;

●

diversion of management’s attention from our core business;

●

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers;

●

risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience;

●

dilutive issuances of equity securities;

●

incurrence of substantial debt;

●

assumption of contingent liabilities;

●

incurrence of significant amortization expenses related to intangible assets and the potential impairment of acquired assets; and

●

incurrence of significant immediate write-offs.

Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

27

Joint arrangements or strategic alliances in geographic markets in which we have limited, or no prior experience may expose us to additional risks.

We review, and from time to time may establish arrangements and strategic alliances that we believe would complement our current product offerings, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. These business relationships may require us to rely on the local expertise of our partners with respect to market development, sales, local regulatory compliance and other matters. Further, there may be challenges with ensuring that such arrangements or strategic alliances implement the appropriate internal controls to ensure compliance with the various laws and regulations applicable to us as a U.S. public company. Accordingly, in addition to commercial and operational risk, these arrangements and strategic alliances may entail risks such as reputational risk and regulatory compliance risk. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable alliances or candidates, that we will be able to consummate any such alliances or arrangements on favorable terms, or that we will realize the anticipated benefits of entering into any such alliances or arrangements.

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, specifically trademarks and brand names, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted.

The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with trademarks and brand names that we license, use or own. We have licenses or other rights to use or own the material trademark and brand name rights in connection with the packaging, marketing and distribution of our major products both in the United States and in other countries where such products are principally sold. Therefore, trademark and brand name protection are important to our business. Although most of the brand names we license, use or own are registered in the United States and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we may not be successful in asserting trademark or brand name protection. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our trademarks and brand names may be substantial.

I f our intangible assets, such as trademarks and licenses, become impaired, we may be required to record a significant non-cash charge to earnings which would negatively impact our results of operations.

Under United States generally accepted accounting principles, we review our intangible assets, including our trademarks and licenses, for impairment annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of our intangible assets may not be fully recoverable. The carrying value of our intangible assets may not be recoverable due to factors such as reduced estimates of future cash flows, including those associated with the specific brands to which intangibles relate, or slower growth rates in our industry. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a long-term financial outlook of our operations and the specific brands to which the intangible assets relate. However, actual performance in the near-term or long-term could be materially different from these forecasts, which could impact future estimates and the recorded value of the intangibles. Any significant impairment to our intangible assets would result in a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which the impairment is determined to exist.

The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of the Company’s products or the unauthorized diversion by third parties of the Company’s products could have an adverse effect on the Company’s revenues and a negative impact on the Company’s reputation and business.

Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of the Company’s products. These counterfeit products may be inferior in terms of quality and other characteristics compared to the Company’s authentic products and/or the counterfeit products could pose safety risks that the Company’s authentic products would not otherwise present to consumers. Consumers could confuse counterfeit products with the Company’s authentic products, which could damage or diminish the image, reputation and/or value of the Company’s brands and cause consumers to refrain from purchasing the Company’s products in the future. In addition, the sale of the Company’s prestige products through non-authorized “grey market” channels could damage or diminish the image, reputation and/or value of the Company’s brands and could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and have a negative impact on the Company’s reputation.

28

Our success depends on our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, patents, copyrights and proprietary rights of other parties.

Our commercial success depends at least in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, patents, copyrights and other proprietary rights of others. However, we cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does not and will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate such rights. Many companies have employed intellectual property litigation as a way to gain a competitive advantage, and to the extent we gain greater visibility and market exposure, we may also face a greater risk of being the subject of such litigation. For these and other reasons, third parties may allege that our products, services or activities infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their trademark, patent, copyright or other proprietary rights. Defending against allegations and litigation could be expensive, take significant time, divert management’s attention from other business concerns, and delay getting our products to market. In addition, if we are found to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third party trademark, patent, copyright or other proprietary rights, we may need to obtain a license, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or redesign or rebrand our products, which may not be possible. We may also be required to pay substantial damages or be subject to a court order prohibiting us and our customers from selling certain products or engaging in certain activities. Our inability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the trademarks, patents, copyrights and proprietary rights of others could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

●

COVID-19 or New Pandemic and Economic Downturn

Although we weathered the COVID- 19 pandemic and its effects to date, if this pandemic reemerges or another pandemic emerges, any pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

The public health crisis caused by the COVID- 19 pandemic, its variants and the measures being taken by governments and businesses, including us, our suppliers, our distributors, retailers and the public, to limit COVID- 19 ’s spread, previously had certain negative impacts on our business. Any reemergence of COVID- 19 , or a new pandemic, could have certain negative impacts on our business, including but not limited to, the following:

●

Deteriorating economic and political conditions in certain of our major markets affected by such pandemic, such as increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, or economic slowdowns could cause a decrease in demand for our products.

●

We may be required to record significant impairment charges with respect to noncurrent assets, including trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets whose fair values may be negatively affected by the effects of reemergence of the COVID- 19 pandemic or emergence of a new pandemic on our operations.

●

Considerable uncertainty remains regarding the potential reemergence of COVID- 19 variants, or the emergence of a new pandemic, including potential reinstatement of measures by various authorities and others in response to any such re-emergence or new pandemic emergence. As we continue to monitor potential COVID- 19 variants or new pandemic developments, including the impacts on our consumers, customers and suppliers, we will take further measures as necessary to protect our business and our employees. Some of the actions we take could adversely impact our business, and there is no certainty that our actions will be sufficient to mitigate the risks and the impacts of a reemergence of COVID- 19 variants or new pandemic.

●

Actions we may take, or decisions on potential actions that we did not take, as a consequence of a resurgence of a COVID- 19 variant pandemic or new pandemic emergence may result in claims or litigation against us.

The extent and potential short and long-term impact of a reemergence of COVID- 19 variants or any other pandemic on the Company’s operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, our customers’ willingness to travel and purchase our products, and the impact on our supply chain and the financial markets, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.

29

Consumers may reduce discretionary purchases of our products as a result of a general economic downturn.

We believe that a high degree of global economic uncertainty could have a further negative effect on consumer confidence, demand and spending. In addition, we believe that consumer spending on beauty products is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly, we may experience sustained periods of declines in sales during periods of economic downturn as it may affect consumer purchasing patterns. In addition, a further general economic downturn may result in further reduced traffic in our customers’ stores which may, in turn, result in reduced net sales to our retail store customers. Any further material reduction in our sales could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

●

Global Operations

We are subject to risks related to our foreign operations, and a disruption in our operations or supply chain could adversely affect our business and financial results.

We operate on a global basis, with a substantial portion of our net sales and net income generated outside the United States, and we anticipate for the foreseeable future that a substantial portion of our net sales and net income will be generated outside the United States. A substantial portion of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments that result from these earnings remain outside the United States. As a company engaged in manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, we are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including:

●

changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, as well as changes in United States laws and regulations relating to foreign trade and investment; and

●

industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in supply chain or information technology, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites or suppliers, product quality control, safety, as well as natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, social, economic and geopolitical conditions, such as terrorist attacks, war or other military action and other external factors over which we have no control.

These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.

Risks Associated with Changes in International Trade Policies, Tariffs and Cross-Border Operations

The US government has indicated its intent to adopt a new approach to trade policy and in some cases to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements. It has initiated or is considering the imposition of tariffs on certain foreign goods, including fragrances and fragrance related products. Changes in US trade policy could result in one or more of US trading partners adopting responsive trade policies making it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries. As an example, on February 1, 2025, the U.S. government announced a 25% tariff on product imports from certain countries, including Mexico and Canada, and 10% tariffs on product imports from certain countries, including China. However, a recent Supreme Court decision determined that the previously announced tariffs were not validly authorized, and a new global 15% tariff was instituted. Our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations could be significantly affected by these measures and the potential expansion of existing tariffs or implementation of new tariffs, trade restrictions, or retaliatory measures by China, Mexico, or Canada that could disrupt our established supply chain, increase costs of goods sold into the United States and this in turn could require us to increase prices to our customers which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices, result in lowering our margin on products sold.

We cannot predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the US economy, which in turn could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

30

Terrorist attacks, acts of war or military actions, other civil unrest or natural disasters may adversely affect territories in which we operate, and therefore affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

Terrorist attacks such as those that have previously occurred in Paris, France where we have our European headquarters, among other locations, and attempted terrorist attacks, military responses to terrorist attacks, other military actions, or governmental action in response to or in anticipation of a terrorist attack, or civil unrest as occurring in the Middle East and Africa or natural disasters, such as the recent wild fires in southern California,   may adversely affect prevailing economic conditions. These events could result in work stoppages, reduced consumer spending or reduced demand for our products. These developments subject our worldwide operations to increased risks and, depending on their magnitude, could reduce net sales and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

The loss of or disruption in our distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

We currently have several distribution facilities in Europe, China and the United States. The loss of any of those facilities, as well as the inventory stored in those facilities, would require us to find replacement facilities and assets. In addition, terrorist attacks or acts of God, such as extreme weather conditions, natural disasters and the like, could disrupt our distribution operations. If we cannot replace our distribution capacity and inventory in a timely, cost-efficient manner, then such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Changes in foreign tax provisions, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flows.

In addition to being subject to taxation in the United States, we are subject to income and other taxes in other foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. From time to time, tax proposals are introduced or considered by the United States Congress or the legislative bodies in foreign jurisdictions that could also affect our tax rate, the carrying value of our deferred tax assets, or our other tax liabilities. Our tax liabilities are also affected by the amounts we charge for inventory, services, licenses, funding, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, and other items in intercompany transactions. A negative determination or ultimate disposition in any tax audit, changes in tax laws or tax rates, or the ability to utilize our deferred tax assets could materially affect our tax provision, net income and cash flows in future periods.

The international character of our business renders us subject to fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates and international trade tariffs, barriers and other restrictions.

A substantial portion of our European based operations’ net sales (over 50 %) are sold in U.S. dollars. In an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange fluctuations, we engage in a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments for all major currencies with which we operate. Despite such actions, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for the U.S. dollar, particularly with respect to the euro, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Possible import, export, tariff and other trade barriers, which could be imposed by the United States, the European Union, or other countries might also have a material adverse effect on our operating results.

Changing political conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results.

Changes in the political circumstances in the markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, results of elections, referendums or other political processes in certain markets in which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed could create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental policies, laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, the movement of goods, services, capital and people between countries and other matters. The potential implications of such uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate fluctuations, tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the Company’s business and financial results.

31

The war between Russia and Ukraine, and the war with Iran or Iranian sponsored actors could adversely impact our business and financial results.

The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted our operations to a limited degree to date. However, the war with Iran or Iranian sponsored actors could impact our Company, which are difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty as to how they will or could evolve. Fuel supplies and supply chain cost increases, as well as retailers or consumers, could all be negatively impacted by these wars. Such negative impacts could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, earnings and cash flows.

●

Operational Risks

We are dependent upon Messrs. Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin, and the loss of their services could harm our business.

Jean Madar, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Philippe Benacin, our President, and Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, are responsible for day-to-day operations as well as major decisions. Termination of their relationships with us, whether through death, incapacity or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we cannot assure you that qualified replacements can be found.

Our reliance on third party manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on us.

We rely on outside sources to manufacture our fragrances and cosmetics. The failure of such third party manufacturers to deliver either compliant, quality components or finished goods on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we believe there are alternative manufacturers available to supply our requirements, we cannot assure you that current or alternative sources will be able to supply all of our demands on a timely basis. We do not intend to develop our own manufacturing capacity. As these are third parties over whom we have little or no control, the failure of such third parties to provide components or finished goods on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Our reliance on third party distributors could have a material adverse effect on us.

We sell a substantial percentage of our prestige fragrances through independent distributors specializing in luxury goods. Given the growing importance of distribution, we have modified our distribution model by owning a controlling interest in certain of our distributors within key markets. However, we have little or no control over third party distributors and the failure of such third parties to provide services on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, if we replace existing third party distributors with new third party distributors or with our own distribution arrangements, then transition issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Our business is subject to governmental regulation, which could impact our operations.

Under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, fragrance products are regulated as cosmetics, and fragrances include perfumes, colognes and aftershave. They must meet the same requirements for safety as other cosmetic ingredients. Compliance required of fragrance ingredients includes being safe for consumers when they are used according to labelled directions or as consumers customarily use them.

Under the Fair Packaging and Labelling Act, companies and individuals who manufacture or market cosmetics have the legal responsibility to ensure the products are safe and labelled according to the Act.

Our fragrance products that are manufactured and marketed in Europe are also regulated as cosmetics and subject to EU Regulation 1223 / 2009 , and after Brexit, the United Kingdom regulation of The UK Schedule 34 to the Product Safety and Metrology Regulation 2019 . As of the date of this report, Interparfums’ products are in compliance with these regulations.

However, we cannot assure you that should we use proscribed ingredients in our fragrance products that we develop or market, or develop or market fragrance products with different ingredients, or should existing regulations or requirements be revised, we would not in the future experience difficulty in complying with such requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

32

Our business could be negatively impacted by social impact and sustainability matters.

There continues to be an increased focus from certain investors, customers, consumers, employees, and other stakeholders concerning social impact and environmental matters. We are spending considerable time addressing social impact and sustainability matters, which are becoming more prominent issues for certain of our institutional shareholders. From time to time, we may announce certain initiatives, including goals and commitments, regarding environmental matters, packaging, responsible sourcing and corporate social responsibility. We could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives, or in accurately reporting our progress on such initiatives. Such failures could be due to changes in distribution channels, new licenses or other acquisitions. Moreover, the standards by which corporate social responsibility is measured are developing and evolving, and certain areas are subject to assumptions that could change over time. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope of our initiatives or goals or perceived as not acting responsibly in connection with these matters. Any such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business.

President Trump’s anti-DEI sentiment could subject our business to potential claims .

In the United States, the President has recently issued Executive Order 14173 opposing diversity, equity, and inclusion (“DEI”) initiatives in the private sector. In recent years, anti-DEI sentiment has gained momentum across the United States in favor of a merit based system, as several states and Congress have proposed or enacted “anti-DEI” policies, legislation, or initiatives. However, the European Union and France, the country where our 72% owned subsidiary is organized and has its principal place of business, have enacted both ESG (environmental, social and governance) and DEI initiatives, regulations and requirements. Compliance with such anti-DEI-related policies, legislation, initiatives, and scrutiny in the United States, while our French operating subsidiary complies with European ESG and DEI requirements, could result in our Company facing additional compliance obligations, becoming the subject of investigations or enforcement actions, or sustaining damage to our reputation.

We have ident ified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately or timely report financial information.

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the remaining material
weakness or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or
otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting,
we may not be able to accurately or timely report financial information.

As disclosed in Item 9A, “Controls and Procedures,” of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we identified
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to
risk assessment, monitoring of controls, lack of documentation evidencing
control operating effectiveness and information technology general controls. A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of these
material weaknesses, we concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting and related disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as
of December 31, 2024.

During fiscal 2025, we implemented a number of remediation actions
designed to strengthen our internal control environment, including enhancing
our control environment and monitoring procedures, improving documentation and
evidence of control operating effectiveness, strengthening information
technology general controls, and implementing a formal enterprise-wide risk
assessment process. Based on testing performed by management, we concluded that
certain previously reported material weaknesses related to the control
environment and information technology general controls were remediated as of
December 31, 2025. However, a material weakness related to the design and
implementation of our risk assessment process remains as of December 31, 2025.

We cannot be certain that the measures we have taken or may take
in the future will be sufficient to remediate the remaining material weakness
or prevent additional material weaknesses from occurring. The effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent
limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making,
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human
error and the risk of fraud. If we are unable to remediate the remaining
material weakness or any future material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, our ability to record, process or report financial
information accurately and to prepare financial statements in an accurate and
timely manner could be adversely affected.

Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting could subject us to litigation or investigations, require management
resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor
confidence in our financial statements, and adversely impact the market price
of our common stock.

Our business is subject to seasonal variability.

Our business is somewhat seasonal due to the timing of shipments to our customers, which are weighted to the second half of the year. Accordingly, our financial performance, sales, working capital requirements, cash flow and borrowings generally experience variability during the third and fourth quarters.

33

Our business is subject to inflationary pressures.

Despite significant inflationary pressures that started during  2022  and continued into  2024 , affecting many aspects of our business, especially increasing component costs and shipping, we were able to offset the effects of inflation during  2022  by increasing the prices of our products. Although inflation was a major factor in 2023 and continued to have impacts in 2024, we increased our sales prices to mitigate its impact to some degree in prior years and implemented cost saving efforts to mitigate these impacts in the current year. With the inflation moderating in 2025, we did increase our prices, predominately in the US, to partially offset the impact of tariffs. However,  we may not be able to continue increasing our prices indefinitely without causing a reduction in the number of consumers with sufficient disposable income to buy certain of our fragrance products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

●

Fragrance Markets

The success of our products is dependent on public taste.

Our revenues are substantially dependent on the success of our products, which depends upon, among other matters, pronounced and rapidly changing public tastes, factors which are difficult to predict and over which we have little, if any, control. In addition, we have to develop successful marketing, promotional and sales programs in order to sell our fragrances and fragrance related products. However, if we are not able to develop additional successful marketing, promotional and sales programs, then such failure will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

We are subject to extreme competition in the fragrance industry.

The market for fragrance products is highly competitive and sensitive to changing market preferences and demands. Competitive factors include pricing, marketing, advertising and promotional activities, expansion of e-commerce activities, advances in technology such as AI, and most importantly, consumer brand recognition. Many of our competitors in this market are larger than we are and have greater financial resources than are available to us, potentially allowing them greater operational flexibility. Our success in the prestige fragrance industry is dependent upon our ability to continue to generate original strategies and develop quality products that are in accord with ongoing changes in the market. If there is insufficient demand for our existing fragrance products, or if we do not develop future strategies and products that withstand competition, or if we are unsuccessful in competing on price terms, then we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Changes in laws, regulations and policies that affect our business could adversely affect our financial results.

Our business is subject to numerous laws, regulations and policies. Changes in the laws, regulations and policies, including the interpretation or enforcement thereof, that affect, or will affect, our business, including changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations, environmental or climate change laws, regulations or accords, trade rules and customs regulations, or increased cosmetics regulation, and the outcome and expense of legal or regulatory proceedings, and any action we may take as a result could adversely affect our financial results.

●

General Risk Factors

Our success depends, in part, on the quality and safety of our products.

Our success depends, in part, on the quality and safety of our products. If our products are found to be defective or unsafe, or if they otherwise fail to meet our consumers’ standards, then our relationships with customers or consumers could suffer, the appeal of  one  or more of our brands could be diminished, and we could lose sales and/or become subject to liability claims, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

34

Our failure to protect our reputation, or the failure of our partners to protect their reputations, could have a material adverse effect on our brands’ images.

Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the images of our various brands. Our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards for merchandise quality and integrity or if we, or the third parties with whom we do business, do not comply with regulations or accepted practices. Any negative publicity about these types of concerns may reduce demand for our merchandise. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political considerations, such as animal testing, could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts. Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, including applicable United States trade sanctions, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our reputation. We are also dependent on the reputations of our brand partners and licensors, which can be affected by matters outside of our control. Damage to our reputation or the reputations of our brand partners or licensors or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.

Our information systems and websites may be susceptible to outages, hacking and other cybersecurity risks.

We have information technology systems (“IT Systems”) that support our business processes, including product development, production, marketing, order processing, sales, distribution, finance and intra-company communications. We also have Internet websites in the United States and Europe. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, hacking, attacks and similar events. Despite the implementation of network security measures, our systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, hacking, attacks and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering.

Cybersecurity incidents may also result in the future from social engineering, i.e., the manipulation of people into sharing information, downloading malicious software, visiting malicious websites and sending money to criminal websites masquerading as legitimate websites, compromising their personal or organizational security, or masquerading of authorized users. Malicious activity may exploit design flaws and security weaknesses, or sabotage information systems. Cybersecurity incidents can also be caused by other malicious software programs or other attacks, such as ransomware, and “denial of service attacks.”

Our IT Systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance to keep pace with continuing changes in technology, regulatory standards, and cyber threats, as well as new commercial opportunities. From time to time, we undertake significant information technology systems reviews, as well as projects, such as enterprise resource planning updates, modifications, integrations and rollouts. These projects may be subject to cost overruns and delays that may cause disruptions in our normal business operations. These cost overruns and delays as well as our reliance on third party contractors for certain software implementation, maintenance and upgrades for certain business and financial information could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We have started using artificial intelligence (“AI”), and improper use by us or third parties could have an adverse impact on our brands, business and results of operations.

We have started using AI to assist in the development and marketing of our products. This evolving technology presents risks inherent in its use, including risks related to inaccuracies, bias, and infringement of intellectual property. In addition, the use of AI could potentially increase cybersecurity and data privacy risks, such as unintended access to and transmission of proprietary or sensitive information. These risks may become more pronounced as we increase our reliance on AI.

We cannot assure that our usage of AI will assist us in being more efficient in all cases. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their business, services, and products more rapidly or more successfully than us, which could hinder our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business. As AI is an emerging technology and new laws and regulations are being promulgated, and our obligation to comply with this evolving regulatory landscape could entail significant costs.

Use of AI may intensify cybersecurity risks as techniques used in cyberattacks continue to become more sophisticated and thereby more dangerous. Malicious use of AI, or any other unauthorized access to our informational systems could result in disruption or damage to our information systems, and significant expense in remediating the damage, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations.

35

The trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other financial performance.

Our business planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth and profitability, not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term focus is in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. At the same time, however, we recognize that it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our forecast of annual net sales and diluted earnings per share. Accordingly, we provide guidance as to our expected annual net sales, and diluted earnings per share, which is updated as appropriate throughout the year. While we generally provide updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter if called for, we assume no responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. In addition, longer-term guidance that we may from time to time provide is based on goals that we believe, at the time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable.

In all of our public statements when we make, or update, a forward-looking statement about our sales and/or earnings expectations or expectations regarding other initiatives, we accompany such statements directly, or by reference to a public document, with a list of factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those we expect. Such a list is included, among other places, in our earnings press releases (by reference to our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission) and in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( e.g., in our reports on Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q). These and other factors may make it difficult for outside observers, such as research analysts, to predict what our earnings will be in any given fiscal quarter or year.

Outside analysts and investors have the right to make their own predictions of our financial results for any future period. Outside analysts, however, have access to no more material information about our results or plans than any other public investor, and we do not endorse or adopt their predictions as to our future performance. Nor do we assume any responsibility to correct the predictions of outside analysts or others when they differ from our own internal expectations. If and when we announce actual results that differ from those that outside analysts or others have been predicting, the market price of our securities could be affected. Investors who rely on the predictions of outside analysts or others when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities.

Item 1 B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 1 C. Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity for our Company is conducted by our United States based operations and European based operations. For our United States based operations, our Information Technology department (“ITUS”) in New York, New York is in charge of our cybersecurity for offices in the United States, Italy, and other remote locations. For our European based operations, our Information Technology department (“ITEU”) in Paris, France, is in charge of our cybersecurity for offices in France, and other remote locations. Each of ITUS and ITEU report to their respective segment Chief Executive Officers, Messrs. Madar for ITUS and Benacin for ITEU, who are also directors of our Company. Any material issues of cybersecurity would then be reported to our Board of Directors. As of the date of this report, we have not had any material cybersecurity incidents.

Both departments have established strict security rules for infrastructure, application and limitations on access rights. New employees are instructed on aspects of cybersecurity, and reminders for safe internet access are periodically sent. Access to our networks for former employees and contractors is immediately revoked upon severance of association, and any hardware such as laptops, company phones, access keys are returned. Each department has also installed equipment and tools to protect and update against the risks of intrusions, cyberattacks, and system obsolescence. Various applications and methods to manage our cybersecurity include, but not limited to, use of EDI (electronic digital interface) for receiving orders, fire walls, virtual private network, antivirus software, encryption, and requiring two factor authentication for remote access after business hours. Redundancy is important as data is routinely backed up daily.

In addition, Interparfums SA has adopted an IT Charter that defines the rights and obligations of employees and users of their information system, to ensure that the information technology resources are used in a secure environment complying with the procedures of internal control, and regularly performs penetration testing. Beginning in January 2024, Interparfums SA commenced enrolling all employees of Interparfums SA in cybersecurity training. United States based operations provides specific user IDs, and employees are instructed to set up passwords that are not easy to guess, keep passwords confidential, and immediately change such employee’s password if such employee believes it has been compromised. All desktop and laptop computers must be password protected and must be changed every 90 days. In addition, employees must not knowingly input erroneous, fraudulent, fictitious or otherwise inappropriate data into any application/system and report any suspicious activity to ITUS. Company employees are prohibited from downloading any files or software for personal use, and may not create any independent data connections from Company offices that attempt to sidestep the Company’s network security policy or mechanisms.

36

Item 2 . Properties

United States Based Operations

We maintain our corporate headquarters and United States based operations in approximately 32,000 square feet with a term that expires on December 31, 2029, and have been at the same location in New York City since 1992 . We also have a 140,000 square foot distribution center in New Jersey, and this lease expired on January 31, 2026 after which we entered into a month to month arrangement. In addition, we have entered into a 5 year Logistics Services Agreement with Ceva Air & Ocean USA Inc., and which may be terminated sooner by either party upon 90 days' notice. In October 2021 we leased office space in Florence, Italy for a 6 -year term with an option for an additional 6 years for Interparfums Italia Srl, and office space in Paris, France. We also maintain a distribution center in Liscate, Italy. In 2023 , we obtained a small, leased space for our new sales subsidiaries in Dubai and Switzerland, in addition to maintaining a leased sales office in Hong Kong.

European Based Operations

Since March 2022, our European based operations have maintained their corporate headquarters at 10 rue de Solférino in the 7 th arrondissement of Paris. This is an office complex combining three buildings connected by two inner courtyards and consists of approximately 40,000 total sq. ft. United States distribution operations for European based operations maintain their headquarters in New York City, with a lease that expires in May 2029. Since 2022 , we also purchased several small apartments at 96 rue de l’Université, Paris adjacent to the main office complex and are converting them into additional offices. An office is located in Singapore for Asia-Pacific distribution and  one in Madrid for PRS activities. A new office has been established in Seoul for the newly created Korean affiliate.

In addition, European based operations maintain an approximately 37,000 square meters (approximately 398,265 square feet) distribution center located in Criquebeuf sur Seine, France, with a term that expires May 2027 and an option to extend the term for an additional two years. Interparfums SA also has several agreements for warehousing and distribution services which are renewed on a three -year basis. Fees for such services are partially calculated based upon a percentage of sales, which is customary in the industry.

On July 1, 2025, the U.S. affiliate of Interparfums SA, Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc., entered into a new warehousing services agreement with ADS (Advanced Distribution Systems, Inc), with a term extending through December 31, 2029.

We believe our office and warehouse facilities are satisfactory for our present needs and those for the foreseeable future.

Item 3 . Legal Proceedings

We are not a party to any material lawsuits.

Item 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

37

PART II

Item 5 . Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The Market for Our Common Stock

Our Company’s common stock, $. 001 par value per share, is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “IPAR”. The following table sets forth, in dollars, the range of high and low closing prices for the past two fiscal years for our common stock.

Fiscal 2025
High Closing Price
Low Closing Price

Fourth Quarter
99.23
79.57

Third Quarter
138.55
98.38

Second Quarter
141.48
99.70

First Quarter
144.54
113.87

Fiscal 2024
High Closing Price
Low Closing Price

Fourth Quarter
139.92
118.08

Third Quarter
140.68
113.85

Second Quarter
138.31
109.63

First Quarter
155.12
133.33

As of March 6, 2026, the number of record holders, which include brokers and broker nominees, etc., of our common stock was 28 . We believe there are approximately 62,500 beneficial owners of our common stock.

Corporate Performance Graph

The following graph compares the performance for the periods indicated in the graph of our common stock with the performance of the Nasdaq Market Index, the average performance the Company’s peer group consisting of:  Coty Inc., e.l.f. Beauty,   Inc., Estée Lauder Companies, Inc., L’Oréal SA, LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, Natura &Co Holding SA, Olaplex Holdings, Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., and Shiseido Co Ltd.  The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was $ 100  at the beginning of the period indicated in the graph, and that all dividends were reinvested.

38

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* Among Interparfums, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index, and a Peer Group

*$ 100 invested on 12/31/20 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.

Fiscal year ending December 31.

Below is the list of the data points for each year that correspond to the lines on the above graph.

12 /20
12 / 21
12 / 22
12 / 23
12 / 24
12 / 25

Interparfums, Inc.
100.00
179.01
165.76
251.87
235.65
156.51

NASDAQ Composite
100.00
122.18
82.43
119.22
154.48
187.14

Peer Group
100.00
116.68
97.86
96.70
85.42
89.68

Dividends

In  Fe bruary 2024, our Board of Directors increased the annual dividend to $ 3.00  per share. In February 2025, our Board of Directors further increased the annual dividend to $ 3.2 0 per share, and in 2026 our Board of Directors maintained the annual dividend at $3.20 per share. The next quarterly cash dividend of $ 0.8 0 per share is payable on March 31, 2026 to shareholders of record on March 16, 2026.

Repurchase of Shares

In  February 2026, our Board of Directors authorized the Company to continue repurchasing up to 260,000 shares throughout 2026.

Interparfums, Inc.
Purchase of Common Stock

Period

Total
Number of Shares Purchased

Average
price paid per share

Total
number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs

Maximum
number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased
under the plans or programs

October 1-31

25,657

$

95.73

25,657

141,471 shares

November 1-30

0

n/a

0

141,471  shares

December 1-31

46,596

$

84.60

46,596

94,875 shares

Total

72,253

$

88.55

72,253

94,875  shares

39

Item 6 .   [RESERVED]

Item 7 . Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Overview

We operate in the fragrance business, and manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of prestige fragrances and fragrance related products. We manage our business in two segments, European based operations and United States based operations. Certain prestige fragrance products are produced and marketed by our European based operations through our 72 % owned subsidiary in Paris, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded company as 28 % of Interparfums SA shares trade on the Euronext.

We produce and distribute fragrance products through our European based operations primarily under license agreements with brand owners, and European based fragrance product sales represented approximately 68%, 65 % and 65 % of net sales for 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. We have built a portfolio of prestige brands, which include Boucheron, Coach, Goutal, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Kate Spade, Lacoste, Lanvin, Longchamp, Moncler, Montblanc, Rochas, Solférino and  Van Cleef & Arpels, whose products are distributed in over 120 countries around the world.

Through our United States based operations, we also produce and distribute fragrances and fragrance related products. United States based operations represented 32%, 35 % and 35 % of net sales in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. These fragrance products are sold primarily pursuant to license or other agreements with the owners of the Abercrombie & Fitch, Anna Sui, Donna Karan/DKNY, Emanuel Ungaro, Ferragamo, Graff, GUESS, Hollister, MCM, Oscar de la Renta, and Roberto Cavalli brands.

Substantially all of our prestige fragrance brands are licensed from unaffiliated third parties, and our business is dependent upon the continuation and renewal of such licenses. With respect to the Company’s largest brands, we license the Jimmy Choo, Coach, Montblanc, GUESS, Lacoste, Donna Karan/DKNY and Ferragamo brand names. This diversified portfolio of top brands represented 77 %, 76 % and 73 % of total sales in 2025 , 2024 , and 2023 , respectively.

As a percentage of net sales, product sales for the Company’s largest brands were as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Jimmy Choo

17
%

17
%

17
%

Coach

15
%

14
%

15
%

Montblanc

15
%

15
%

17
%

GUESS

12
%

12
%

12
%

Lacoste

7
%

6
%

—

Donna Karan/DKNY

7
%

7
%

7
%

Ferragamo

4
%

5
%

5
%

Quarterly sales fluctuations are influenced by the timing of new product launches as well as the third and fourth quarter holiday season. In certain markets where we sell directly to retailers, seasonality is more evident. We primarily sell directly to retailers in France, the United States, and Italy.

We grow our business in   two   distinct ways. First, we grow by adding new brands to our portfolio, through new licenses or other arrangements, or outright acquisitions of brands. Second, we grow through the introduction of new products and by supporting new and established products through advertising, merchandising and sampling, as well as phasing out underperforming products, so we can devote greater resources to those products with greater potential. The economics of developing, producing, launching and supporting products influence our sales and operating performance each year. The introduction of new products may have some cannibalizing effect on sales of existing products, which we take into account in our business planning.

40

Our business is not capital intensive, and it is important to note that we do not own manufacturing facilities. We act as a general contractor and source our needed components from our suppliers. These components are received and stored directly at our third party fillers or received at   one   of our distribution centers. For those components received at   one   of our distribution centers, based upon production needs, the components are subsequently sent to   one   of several third party fillers, which manufacture the finished product for us and then deliver them to   one   of our distribution centers.

As with any global business, many aspects of our operations are subject to influences outside our control. We believe we have a strong brand portfolio with global reach and potential. As part of our strategy, we plan to continue to make investments behind fast-growing markets and channels to grow market share.

Our reported net sales are impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as approximately  50 % of net sales of our European based operations are denominated in U.S. dollars, while almost all costs of our European based operations are incurred in euro. We address certain financial exposures through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments and primarily enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates.

Recent Important Events

Please see our discussion of Recent Important Events, which is incorporated by reference to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) for the year ended December 31, 2025 .

Discussion of Critical Accounting Policies

We make estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. These accounting policies generally require our management’s most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management of the Company has discussed the selection of significant accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

Long-Lived Assets

We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when events occur or circumstances change, such as an unexpected decline in sales, that would more likely than not indicate that the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset may not be recoverable. When testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the evaluation requires a comparison of the estimated fair value of the asset to the carrying value of the asset. The fair values used in our evaluations are estimated based upon discounted future cash flow projections using a weighted average cost of capital of 8.34%. The cash flow projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including future sales levels and future cost of goods and operating expense levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are more subjective in nature. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded.

We believe that the assumptions we have made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations described above are reasonable. However, if future actual results do not meet our expectations, we may be required to record an impairment charge, the amount of which could be material to our results of operations.

41

At December 31, 2025 indefinite-lived intangible assets aggregated $ 153.5 million. The following table presents the impact a change in the following significant assumptions would have had on the calculated fair value in 2025 assuming all other assumptions remained constant:

$ in millions

Change

Increase (decrease) to fair value

Weighted average cost of capital

+ 10
%

$
( 37.5
)

Weighted average cost of capital

- 10
%

$
48.8

Future sales levels

+ 10
%

$
31.5

Future sales levels

- 10
%

$
( 31.5
)

Intangible assets subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment testing whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an amortizable intangible asset may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators exist for an amortizable intangible asset, the undiscounted future cash flows associated with the expected service potential of the asset are compared to the carrying value of the asset. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is in excess of the carrying value of the intangible asset, no impairment charge is recorded. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the intangible asset, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the intangible asset to its fair value. The cash flow projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including future sales levels and future cost of goods and operating expense levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are more subjective in nature. In those cases where we determine that the useful life of long-lived assets should be shortened, we would amortize the net book value in excess of the salvage value (after testing for impairment as described above), over the revised remaining useful life of such asset thereby increasing amortization expense. We believe that the assumptions we have made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations described above are reasonable.

In evaluating whether the Lanvin brand names and trademarks are definite or indefinite-lived, we applied the provisions of ASC topic 350-30-35- 3 and concluded that the contraction provisions related to the repurchase option, originally exercisable in 2025 and amended to 2027, constrain the useful life of the Lanvin brand names and trademarks to the Company. Thus, the asset cannot be considered indefinite-lived. If exercised, Lanvin will have an obligation to pay the exercise price and the Company will be required to convey the Lanvin brand names and trademarks back to Lanvin. Although considered finite-lived due to the contractual provisions, in accordance with ASC topic 350-30-35-8, the asset is not being amortized as the exercise price (residual value) of the intangible asset exceeds its carrying value.

If the repurchase option expires and is not exercised, then the Lanvin brand names and trademarks would be expected to contribute directly to the future cash flows of our Company and the useful life would be considered to be indefinite at such time .

Quantitative Analysis

During the three -year period ended December 31, 2025 , we have not made any material changes in our assumptions underlying these critical accounting policies or to the related significant estimates. The results of our business underlying these assumptions have not differed significantly from our expectations.

42

While we believe the estimates we have made are proper and the related results of operations for the period are presented fairly in all material respects, other assumptions could reasonably be justified that would change the amount of reported net sales, cost of sales, and selling, general and administrative expenses as they relate to the provisions for anticipated sales returns, allowance for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence reserves. For 2025 , had these estimates been changed simultaneously by 5 % in either direction, our reported gross profit would have increased or decreased by approximately $0.7 million and selling, general and administrative expenses would have changed by approximately $0.1 million. The collective impact of these changes on 2025 operating income, net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc., and net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc. per diluted share would be an increase or decrease of approximately  $0.8   million,  $0.5 million and $0.1, respectively.

Results of Operations

Net Sales

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2025

% Change

2024

% Change

2023

European based product sales

$
1,016.3

7
%

$
953.0

10
%

$
863.4

United States based product sales

482.4

( 6 )
%

511.3

12
%

455.8

Eliminations

( 10.2
)

na

( 12.0
)

na

( 1.5
)

Total net sales

$
1,488.5

2
%

$
1,452.3

10
%

$
1,317.7

na - not applicable

Net sales in 2025 increased 2 % compared to 2024 on a reported basis. On an organic basis, sales were also up 2% as compared to 2024 with foreign exchange gains of 2% offsetting the negative impacts of the Dunhill exit in 2024. The average dollar/euro exchange rate for 2025 was 1.13, compared to 1.08 in  2024 .

For European based operations, sales grew by 7% for the full year 2025  on a reported basis and 4% on an organic basis, driven by sustained momentum from brands.

The success of the Jimmy Choo I Want Choo
women's franchise has continued to strengthen since its launch in 2021,
particularly in the United States, and, when combined with the strong
performance of the Jimmy Choo Man franchise, helped drive 6% growth of the brand in 2025 as compared to 2024. Coach fragrance sales increased 15% for the full year,
reinforcing its timeless, multi-generational appeal thanks to the strength of
the brand’s long-established women's and men's lines, which was further boosted
by two new successful launches in the first half of 2025. Sales of our
Montblanc brand finished the year on a high note, reflecting the success of the
new Montblanc Explorer Extreme line in the second half of 2025 and the strength
of the Montblanc Legend line. This strong fourth quarter performance in
combination with favorable foreign exchange helped to offset the sales softness
we experienced in the first part of 2025, resulting in full year 2025 sales
that were broadly in line with 2024. Lacoste fragrance sales grew 28%, reaching
$108 million and exceeding our initial expectations of $100 million after just
the second full year under our management. Our recently launched and
proprietary brand Solférino is off to a good start in its first six months of
operation. We remain on track to expand this artisanal fragrance house into an
additional 50 doors in the first half of 2026.

For United States based operations, sales declined 6% in 2025 on a reported basis.  Excluding the phase-out of Dunhill fragrances that was
completed in August 2024, full year 2025 United States based operations sales declined 3%. The
fourth quarter finished on a high note with sales increasing 4% on a reported
basis and 2% on an organic basis. As expected, fragrance sales of GUESS and
Donna Karan/DKNY each returned to growth in the fourth quarter, posting sales
increases of 7% and 8%, respectively. The GUESS Iconic and Donna Karan  Cashmere Mist franchises performed well, supported by the brands’ enduring
global popularity, especially during the holiday season. For the full year,
GUESS sales were essentially stable and Donna Karan/DKNY declined by 4%, due
largely to the unfavorable base period in 2024 that included the launch of DKNY 24/7 . Roberto
Cavalli fragrance sales rose 33% in both the 2025 fourth quarter and full year,
underscoring the substantial brand elevation achieved during its second full
year under our management. We executed a series of blockbuster and innovative
launches during 2025, including Roberto Cavalli Serpentine and Just Cavalli
Give Me Magic . MCM fragrance sales rose 40% in the fourth quarter and 17% for
the full year driven by the continued performance of the MCM Collection launched in
early 2025.

43

While macroeconomic headwinds linger in certain key
markets and we continue to see trade destocking, we are encouraged by our
performance in 2025 as we have been able to maintain market share. We remain
cautiously optimistic about 2026, where we will continue to execute on our strategy
of launching extensions on all our key brands, while preparing for what we
expect will be a more favorable operating environment in 2027 and beyond, as we
roll out major innovation on our new licenses and on some of our larger brands,
as well as potentially securing new brands and licenses. While the pace of
growth in the market is starting to normalize closer to historical levels
following massive growth seen over the past few years, the power of our diverse
brand portfolio, in combination with our agile operating model, should help us
gain market share.

As in the past, we hope to benefit from our strong financial position to potentially acquire  one  or more brands, either on a proprietary basis or as a licensee. However, we have no certainty that any new license or acquisition agreements will be consummated.

Net Sales to Customers by Region

Years ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

(in millions)

North America

$
556.7

$
541.9

$
511.7

Western Europe

383.2

364.3

301.2

Asia/Pacific

189.0

197.0

191.8

Middle East and Africa

118.0

122.8

117.1

Eastern Europe

121.1

118.1

103.2

Central and South America

120.5

108.2

92.7

$
1,488.5

$
1,452.3

$
1,317.7

Most of our regions grew in 2025. Our largest market,
North America, achieved sales growth of 3% in 2025 compared to 2024 driven by sustained
market growth and strong performance of the Jimmy Choo, Coach and Donna
Karan/DKNY brands. Western Europe grew sales 5% behind the continued success of
Lacoste and Cavalli, and the Montblanc Explorer Extreme launch as well as a
favorable exchange rate. Asia Pacific sales declined 4% driven by distribution challenges
in South Korea and India which were partially offset by growth in Australia,
China and Japan. We have addressed the distribution challenges in Korea through
the establishment of a new subsidiary. Despite strong results on Cavalli and
GUESS , the Middle East and Africa declined 4% primarily due to the run-off of
the Dunhill license which was completed in August 2024. Excluding the impact of
Dunhill, net sales in Middle East and Africa increased 4%. Eastern Europe grew
2% reflecting more normalized sales levels despite the ongoing conflict in the region, and
Central and South America achieved top line growth of 11% in 2025 compared to
2024 fueled by the strength of Lacoste, Coach and GUESS  fragrances.

Gross Profit Margin

Years ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

(in millions)

European based operations:

Net sales (a)

$
1,016.3

$
953.0

$
863.4

Cost of sales (a)

344.5

314.5

282.9

Gross margin (a)

$
671.8

$
638.5

$
580.5

Gross margin, as a percentage of net sales

66.1
%

67.0
%

67.2
%

United States based operations:

Net sales

$
482.4

$
511.3

$
455.8

Cost of sales

200.9

215.2

196.0

Gross margin

$
281.5

$
296.1

$
259.8

Gross margin, as a percentage of net sales

58.3
%

57.9
%

57.0
%

(a) Amounts do not reflect eliminations of intercompany sales of European based operations products sold to United States based operations.

44

The Company’s gross margin percentage was 63.6 % in 2025 as compared to 63.9 % in 2024 and 63.7 % in 2023 .

Overall, tariffs resulted in $12.8 million in higher
costs in 2025 or 0.9% of sales. We have been able to partially mitigate these
impacts through favorable segment and brand mix which each contributed 0.2% of margin expansion as well as
pricing, leaving us with a gross margin erosion of 0.3% of sales.

For European based operations, gross profit margin as a percentage of net sales was 66.1 %, 67.0 % and 67.2 % in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

The bulk of the 0.9% erosion in gross margin
was driven by tariffs which represented $9 million in 2025.   For United States based operations, gross profit margin was   58.2 %,   57.9 % and   57.0 % in   2025 ,   2024   and   2023 , respectively.  The year-over-year increase was driven by
favorable brand mix driven by the Dunhill discontinuation, channel mix, and
pricing actions which more than offset the negative $4.2 million impact of tariffs.

We expect tariffs will continue to represent a
significant headwind in 2026 as we annualize these tariffs for the full year. We continue to actively work on cost saving programs and tariff
mitigating strategies to help limit these impacts. We target that these
programs, in combination with the full year impacts of the price increases we
took in August 2025, will enable us to maintain our gross margins flat in 2026.

Costs relating to purchase with purchase and gift with purchase promotions are reflected in cost of sales, and aggregated $54.6 million, $ 61.5 million and $ 52.3 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and represented 3.7%, 4.2 % and 4.0 % of net sales, respectively.

Generally, we do not bill customers for shipping and handling costs and such costs, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. As such, our Company’s gross margins may not be comparable to other companies, which may include these expenses as a component of cost of sales.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Years ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

(in millions)

European based operations

Selling, general and administrative expenses

$
474.4

$
441.6

$
406.6

Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales

46.7
%

46.3
%

47.1
%

United States based operations

Selling, general and administrative expenses

$
202.5

$
206.9

$
181.1

Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales

42.0
%

40.5
%

39.7
%

The Company’s selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of nets sales were 45.5 %, 44.7 % and 44.6 % in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The percentage of net sales increased by 0.8% from the prior year driven by higher promotional and advertising activities which represent 0.5% of the increase, as well as unfavorable segment mix.

For European based operations, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7 % and 9 % in 2025 and 2024 , respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, and represented 46.7 %, 46.3 % and 47.1 % of net sales in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The increases in selling, general and administrative expenses stem from a combination of higher promotion and advertising expenditures and the increased costs were broadly in line with fluctuations in sales on other selling, general and administrative cost buckets.

For United States based operations, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 2 % in 2025 after increasing  14 % in  2024 , as compared to the corresponding prior year period, and represented 42.0 %, 40.5 % and 39.7 % of net sales in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

While we endeavored to generate efficiencies,
and were ultimately able to reduce costs overall, the increases in selling,
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales
were largely driven by lower sales in 2025 with the discontinuation of
Dunhill in 2024, as we protected promotion and advertising investments and made
the choice not to reduce the infrastructure and employee headcount in light of
new licenses which will be joining our portfolio in future years.

45

Promotion and advertising included in selling, general and administrative expenses aggregated $ 294.7 million, $ 280.5 million and $ 261.3 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Promotion and advertising represented 19.8 %, 19.3 % and 19.8 % of net sales in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Promotion and advertising are integral parts of our industry, and we continue to invest heavily to support new product launches and to build brand awareness.

We believe that our promotion and advertising
efforts have had a beneficial effect on sales. Additionally, as 2025 saw a
lighter innovation program than in prior years, the Company focused on
increasing promotional and advertising spending to protect sell-out and support
the continued success of our existing brands and fuel our new brands, Lacoste
and Roberto Cavalli. We also invested disproportionally in the launch and brand building of our proprietary brand,

Solférino.  Long-term, we continue to anticipate that on a full
year basis, promotion and advertising expenditures should aggregate
approximately 21% of net sales. In 2026, we expect we will continue to make
progress towards this goal as we ramp up investments to support the launches of
Goutal in 2026 and prepare for the launches of the new fragrances under our Longchamps license and Off-White trademark in 2027.

Royalty expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses aggregated $ 121.7 million, $ 117.8 million and $ 103.8 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Royalty expense represented 8.2 %, 8.1 % and 7.9 % of net sales in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively, due to changes in brand mix.

Impairment Loss

The Company reviews intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. There was an impairment charge for trademarks with indefinite useful lives of $4.0  million   in   2024 , relating to our Rochas fashion business.  There were no impairment charges for trademarks with indefinite useful lives in 2025 and 2023.

Income from Operations

As a result of the above analysis regarding net sales, gross profit margins and selling, general and administrative expenses, our operating margins aggregated 18.2%, 18.9 % and 19.1 % for the years ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

Other Income and Expenses

Overall, other income and expense was a gain of $1.0
million in 2025 as compared to losses of $6.4 million, and
$1.8 million in 2024, and 2023, respectively. The main drivers of the
change between 2025 and 2024 are discussed in more detail below. These include a
one-time gain of $7.6 million related to a debt extinguishment, a hurt on
foreign currency of $3.7 million, a gain on interest income related to
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.2 million, and a
reduction in interest expense on borrowings of $0.7 million.

Interest expense is primarily related to the financing
of brand and licensing acquisitions and the financing of the headquarters of
Interparfums SA. The decrease in interest expense in 2025 is related to decreases in interest rates in 2025. In December 2022, to finance the
acquisition of the Lacoste trademark, the Company entered into a $58.8 million
(€50 million) four-year loan agreement. The loan agreement bears interest at
Euribor-1 month rates plus a margin of 0.825%. This variable rate debt was
swapped for variable interest rate debt with a maximum rate of 2% per annum.
Additionally, in April 2021, we completed the acquisition of the headquarters
of Interparfums SA. The acquisition was financed by a 10-year approximately
$141 million (€120 million) bank loan which bears interest at one-month
Euribor plus 0.75%. Approximately $94 million (€80 million) of the variable
rate debt was swapped for fixed interest rate debt with a maximum interest rate
of 2% per annum. The swap effectively exchanges the variable interest rate to a
fixed rate of approximately 1.1%. In July 2024, the Company
entered into a $47 million (€40 million) three-year loan agreement that bears
a fixed interest rate of 4.03%. Additionally in June 2025, the Company entered into a $23.5 million (€20 million) three-year loan agreement that bears a fixed interest rate of 3.0% and into a $35.3 million (€30 million) three-year loan agreement which bears interest at one-month   Euribor   plus 0.88%. The three most recent loans were  used to improve our short-term cash
position. Long-term debt including current maturities aggregated $176.0 million,
$157.3 million and $157.5 million as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023,
respectively.

We enter into foreign currency forward exchange
contracts to manage exposure related to receivables from unaffiliated third
parties denominated in a foreign currency and occasionally to manage risks
related to future sales expected to be denominated in a foreign currency. Approximately 50% of net sales of our European based operations are
denominated in U.S. dollars. Gains and losses in derivatives designated as
hedges are accumulated in other comprehensive income and gains and losses in
derivatives not designated as hedges are included in (gain) loss on foreign
currency on the accompanying consolidated income statements. Such gains and
losses were immaterial in each 2025, 2024, and 2023.

46

Interest and investment income represents interest
earned on cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments and realized and
unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities. Interest income was
$5.8 million in 2025 compared to $4.6 million in 2024.

In December 2025, the Company entered into an
amendment with a Licensor that modifies some of the Company's obligations relative to an existing debt. A gain of $7.6
million was recorded within other income and expense related to this debt
extinguishment.

Income Taxes

Our consolidated effective tax rate was 23.3%, 24.2 % and 24.8 % in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

The effective tax rate for European based operations was 24.2%, 25.8 % and 27.3 % in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The lower effective tax rate in 2025 compared to 2024 resulted from a $3 million
favorable outcome in 2025 to our mutual agreement procedure between the French and
United States tax authorities in which we were able to reclaim the tax
assessment paid in France in 2023. The gain was offset by a $1 million one-time
tax assessment in 2025 included in the tax expense as a result of a tax audit conducted
for the 2022 and 2023 tax years.  Our higher effective tax rate in 2023 was driven by a one-time tax assessment of € 2.8 million ($3.1 million)
included in tax expense as the result of a tax audit conducted for the 2020 and
2021 tax years, and which was recovered in 2025 as discussed above.

The effective tax rate for United States based operations was 21.5%, 20.4 % and 19.3 % in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.  Our effective tax rate differs from the 21% statutory
rate in the United States as it is a blended rate across multiple
jurisdictions, and takes into account benefits received from the exercise of
stock options, deductions we are allowed for a portion of our foreign
derived intangible income, and by state and local taxes. Other than as discussed above, we did not experience any
significant changes in tax rates, and none were expected in the jurisdictions
where we operate.

The Company estimated the effect of its foreign derived intangible income (“FDII”) and recorded a tax benefit of $2.2 million, $ 2.4  million and $ 2.4  million as of December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Share-based compensation resulted in a discrete tax benefit of $0.02 million, $ 0.7  million and $ 1.2  million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

Net Income

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

(In thousands)

Net income attributable to European based operations

$
143,880

$
140,084

$
123,994

Net income attributable to United States based operations

68,842

68,853

63,782

Eliminations

( 4,577
)

( 5,504
)

—

Net income

208,145

203,433

187,776

Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest

39,758

39,075

35,122

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc.

$
168,387

$
164,358

$
152,654

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc. steadily increased, and was $ 168.4 million, $ 164.4 million and $ 152.7 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

Net income attributable to European based operations was $ 143.9 million, $ 140.1 million and $ 124.0 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively, while net income attributable to United States based operations was $ 68.8 million, $ 68.9 million and $ 63.8 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The significant fluctuations in net income for both European and United States based operations are directly related to the previous discussions relating to changes in sales, gross profit margins, and selling, general and administrative expenses.

The noncontrolling interest arises from our 72 % owned subsidiary in Paris, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded company as 28 % of Interparfums SA shares trade on the Euronext. Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest is directly related to the profitability of our European based operations and aggregated 27.4 %, 27.7 % and 28.1 % of European based operations net income in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Net profit margins attributable to Interparfums, Inc. aggregated 11.3 %, 11.3 % and 11.6 % in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

47

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our conservative financial tradition has enabled us to amass significant cash balances. As of December 31, 2025 , we had $ 295.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, most of which are held in euro by our European based operations and is readily convertible into U.S. dollars. We have not had any liquidity issues to date, and do not expect any liquidity issues relating to such cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.

As of December 31, 2025 , working capital aggregated $ 683 million. Approximately 78% of the Company’s total assets are held by European based operations, and approximately $293 million of trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets are also held by European based operations.

The Company is party to a number of licenses and other agreements for the use of trademarks and rights in connection with the manufacture and sale of its products expiring at various dates through 2049. In connection with most of these license agreements, the Company is subject to minimum annual advertising commitments, minimum annual royalties and other commitments. See Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data – Note 11– Commitments in this annual report on Form 10-K. Future advertising commitments are estimated based on planned future sales for the license terms that were in effect at December 31, 2025 , without consideration for potential renewal periods and do not reflect the fact that our distributors share our advertising obligations.

The Company hopes to continue to benefit from its strong financial position to potentially acquire one or more brands, either on a proprietary basis or as a licensee. In January 2026, we entered into long-term global licensing agreements for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products under the David Beckham and Nautica brands, effective April 1, 2028 and January 1, 2030, respectively.   In July 2025, our 72% owned French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, signed an exclusive fragrance license agreement with Longchamp running through December 31, 2036.  Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The first launch is expected in 2027.  In June 2025, our   72 % owned French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, acquired all intellectual property rights relating to Maison Goutal held by Amorepacific Europe, which is operating the Goutal brand under an existing license agreement that expired on   December 31, 2025 , when Interparfums SA began commercial use of the fragrance brand. Additionally, in  June   2025, we renewed the Coach license agreement for an additional   five -year term, extending the license through June 30, 2031.

In December 2024, our 72% owned French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, acquired all Off-White brand names and registered trademarks for Class 3 fragrance and cosmetic products, subject to an existing license that expired on December 31, 2025, when Interparfums SA began commercial use of the fragrance brands. Additionally in December 2024, we renewed the Van Cleef & Arpels license agreement for an additional nine-year term, beginning January 1, 2025. In July 2023, we entered into a global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products under the Roberto Cavalli brand. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. This license took effect in July 2023 and began shipping products in February 2024.

In December 2022, we entered into a long-term global licensing agreement for the creation, development and distribution of fragrances and fragrance related products under the Lacoste brand. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. This new license took effect, and products started to ship in January 2024.

Cash provided by operating activities aggregated $ 214.9 million, $ 187.6 million, and $ 105.8 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. In 2025 , working capital items used $20.7 million in cash from operating activities, as compared to $51 million in 2024 and $103.2 million in 2023 . Although, from a cash flow perspective, accounts receivable is up 8% from year-end 2024 , the balance is reasonable based upon  2025 record sales levels. While days sales outstanding was 73 days, up from 66 days and 62 days in 2024 and 2023 , respectively, driven by changes in our channel mix, we are still seeing strong collection activity and do not anticipate any issues with collections of accounts receivable.  From a cash flow perspective, inventory levels are down 15% and inventory days on hand decreased to 244 days in 2025 , as compared to 259   days in 2024 , and 252   days in 2023 . These decreases are a direct result of the Company's efforts to manage down our inventory levels. We have seen increased conversion of raw materials into finished goods in recent years resulting in finished goods making up 63% of our inventory levels at both  December 31, 2025  and 2024 as compared to 57% at December 31, 2023. Due to past supply constraints, we had strived to carry more inventory overall, source the same components from multiple suppliers and when possible, manufacture products closer to where they are sold. These constraints have largely abated, and we are gradually reversing some of these previous interventions. We are seeing the impacts of these recent inventory management efforts and will continue to work to optimize inventory levels.

48

Cash flows used in investing activities in 2025 reflect the purchases and sales of short-term investments. These investments consist of certificates of deposit with maturities greater than three months, marketable equity securities and other contracts. At December 31, 2025 , approximately $2.4 million of certificates of deposit contain penalties where we would forfeit a portion of the interest earned in the event of early withdrawal.

In  March  2025, the Company paid approximately $19.7 million for the purchase of the   Goutal  trademark. Additionally, during the second and third quarters the Company purchased approximately $18.2 million of additional property in Paris attached to its French headquarters.

Our business is not capital intensive as we do not own any manufacturing facilities. On a full year basis, spend on tools and molds fluctuates depending on our new product development calendar and is typically not material. Capital expenditures also include amounts for office fixtures, computer equipment and industrial equipment needed at our distribution centers.

Cash flows used in financing activities in 2025  predominately reflect issuances and repayment of debt and payment of dividends to stockholders.

In June 2025, the Company entered into a   $23.5 million (€20 million) three-year loan agreement that bears a fixed interest rate of 3.0% and into a $35.3 million (€30 million) three-year loan agreement that bears a variable interest rate of Euribor 1-month plus a margin of 0.88%. Additionally, i n July 2024, the Company entered into a $47   million (€ 40   million)   three -year loan agreement that bears a fixed interest rate of   4.03 %.

Our short-term financing requirements are expected to be met by available cash on hand at December 31, 2025 , and by short-term credit lines provided by domestic and foreign banks. The principal credit facilities for 2025 consist of $45 million unsecured revolving lines of credit provided by a consortium of domestic commercial banks and approximately $9.4 million in credit lines provided by a consortium of international financial institutions. Balances due from short-term borrowings totaled $ 9.4 million and $ 8.3 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively.

In February 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an annual dividend of $ 2.50   per share and in February 2024, our Board of Directors increased the annual dividend to $ 3.00  per share. In February 2025, our Board of Directors further increased the annual dividend to $3.20 per share, and in 2026 our Board of Directors maintained the annual dividend at $3.20 per share. The next quarterly cash dividend of $ 0.8 0 per share is payable on March 31, 2026 to shareholders of record on March 16, 2026.

We believe that funds provided by or used in operations can be supplemented by our present cash position and available credit facilities, so that they will provide us with sufficient resources to meet all present and reasonably foreseeable future operating needs.

Inflation rates in the U.S. and foreign countries in which we operate did not have a significant impact on operating results for the year ended December 31, 2025 ,  however, we have already started to see the impacts of tariffs on our cost structure and have adjusted our pricing accordingly. As such, we anticipate potential inflationary impacts in the first quarter of 2026 and beyond as our suppliers potentially adjust their pricing as well.

Item 7 A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

General

We address certain financial exposures through a controlled program of risk management that primarily consists of the use of derivative financial instruments. We primarily enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts in order to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. We do not engage in the trading of foreign currency forward exchange contracts or interest rate swaps.

49

Foreign Exchange Risk Management

We periodically enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge exposure related to receivables denominated in a foreign currency and to manage risks related to future sales expected to be denominated in a currency other than our functional currency. We enter into these exchange contracts for periods consistent with our identified exposures. The purpose of the hedging activities is to minimize the effect of foreign exchange rate movements on the receivables and cash flows of Interparfums SA, whose functional currency is the euro. All foreign currency contracts are denominated in currencies of major industrial countries and are with large financial institutions, which are rated as strong investment grade.

All derivative instruments are required to be reflected as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet measured at fair value. Generally, increases or decreases in fair value of derivative instruments will be recognized as gains or losses in earnings in the period of change. If the derivative is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge, then the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument will be recorded in other comprehensive income.

Before entering into a derivative transaction for hedging purposes, we determine that the change in the value of the derivative will effectively offset the change in the fair value of the hedged item from a movement in foreign currency rates. Then, we measure the effectiveness of each hedge throughout the hedged period. Any hedge ineffectiveness is recognized in the income statement.

As of December 31, 2025 , we had foreign currency contracts in the form of forward exchange contracts of approximately U.S. $64 million with maturities of less than one year. We believe that our risk of loss as the result of nonperformance by any of such financial institutions is remote.

Interest Rate Risk Management

We mitigate interest rate risk by monitoring interest rates, and then determining whether fixed interest rates should be swapped for floating rate debt, or if floating rate debt should be swapped for fixed rate debt.

Item 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The required financial statements commence on page F- 1 .

Item 9 .   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9 A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on
Form 10-K (the “Evaluation Date”). In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, could provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management
necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the
Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that,
as a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting described below in “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting”, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2025.

50

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”).

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Additionally,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to
the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.

M anagement, with the participation of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025,
based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management determined that we did
not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2025, as the Company has not remediated the material weakness described
below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Previously Reported Material Weaknesses

A s previously disclosed in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, management
identified the following material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting;

The
Company does not have an annual risk assessment process sufficiently designed
to identify the risks that could impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements. This includes processes to review any previously recognized risks
and identify any potential new risks that could have a material impact on the
Company. As a result, the Company could not properly assess if the key controls
in place were sufficient to mitigate the risks of material misstatement and the
Company could not adequately provide oversight over the testing of management’s
internal control over financial reporting.

In response to this material weakness, the following remedial actions have been implemented by the Company:

hired an experienced Chief Audit Executive to improve our internal control over financial reporting capabilities.

engaged a third party firm to assist us with
designing and implementing a risk assessment process and establish processes
and controls to support an effective control environment.

completed
a global entity wide risk assessment process.

performed
a risk assessment over the IT systems used as part of financial reporting and
business processes, including various layers of technology.

designed
and implemented risk assessment procedures and monitoring activities; and

implemented
additional review and reconciliation controls to support the period end
financial reporting process.

Additionally, we are completing design enhancements to certain
process-level controls, including controls over the approval of pricing for our
products and implementing
appropriate segregation of duties for manual journal entries. These enhancements include
system-supported improvements designed to strengthen our ability to identify,
assess, and monitor risks of material misstatement .

While we have made significant
progress towards the remediation of the material weakness noted above,
management has concluded that the material weakness as of December 31, 2024 was not fully remediated
as of December 31, 2025. The remaining material weakness will not be considered
remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of
time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are
operating effectively.

Despite the finding of this material weakness, we have concluded that our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of , and for, the periods presented.

51

Also as  previously disclosed in Part II-Item 9A "Controls
and Procedures" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024, we identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting related to the following:

The
Company did not design and maintain an effective control environment
commensurate with its financial reporting requirements. Specifically, the
Company did not maintain sufficient documentation to evidence that controls
have operated as designed with respect to key financial statement accounts and
assertions.

T he
Company did not design and maintain effective information technology general
controls related to user access at our Interparfums SA subsidiary, which
limited management’s ability to rely on technology-dependent controls relevant
to the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

During fiscal 2025,
management implemented remedial actions to address these material
weaknesses. These actions included strengthening documentation protocols to
ensure that sufficient evidence of control execution is retained, enhancing
management review procedures over key financial reporting controls, and
providing training to control owners regarding internal control documentation
and execution requirements.

With respect to the Information Technology General Controls ("ITGC") material weakness related to user access, the Company implemented
improvements to its access management processes, including removing
inappropriate privileged access rights (including SAP‑ALL access), implementing
role‑based access controls designed to enforce appropriate segregation of
duties, and establishing periodic user access review procedures to monitor
access to financial reporting systems. The Company also implemented monitoring
controls designed to identify and remediate inappropriate access on a timely
basis.

We ha ve completed our testing of both the design and
operating effectiveness of these controls and have determined that these controls
have been appropriately designed and implemented, and have operated effectively
for a sufficient period of time for management to conclude, that these two previously identified material weaknesses have been remediated as of December
31, 2025.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Except as described above, there were no significant
changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), that occurred during the fiscal quarter of the year ended December 31, 2025
that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B.                       Other Information.

(a) None.

(b) During the fourth quarter of  2025 ,  no  director or officer has adopted or  terminated  either any “ Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” or “ non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ,” as such terms are defined in the applicable regulation.

Item 9C.                      Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

None.

52

PART III

Item 10 . Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Executive Officers and Directors

As of the date of this report, our executive officers and directors were as follows:

Name

Position

Jean Madar

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums, Inc. and Director General of Interparfums SA

Philippe Benacin

Vice Chairman of the Board, President of Interparfums, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA

Michel Atwood

Director and Chief Financial Officer

Philippe Santi

Director and Executive Vice President of Interparfums SA

Herve Bouillonnec

Director and Global Chief Commercial Officer for Interparfums, USA LLC

François Heilbronn

Director

Robert Bensoussan

Director

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky

Director

Gilbert Harrison

Director

Gerard Kappauf

Director

Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne

Director

Our directors will serve until the next annual meeting
of stockholders and thereafter until their successors shall have been elected
and qualified. Messrs. Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin have a verbal agreement
or understanding to vote their shares and the shares of their respective
holding companies in a like manner.

With the exception of Mr. Benacin, the officers are
elected annually by the directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships between executive officers or
directors of our Company.

Board of Directors

Our Board of Directors has the responsibility for
establishing broad corporate policies and for the overall performance of our
Company. Although certain directors are not involved in day-to-day operating
details, members of the Board of Directors are kept informed of our business by
various reports and documents made available to them. Our Board of Directors
held seventeen (17) meetings (or executed consents in lieu thereof), including meetings of
committees of the full Board of Directors during 2025, and all of the directors
attended at least 75% of the meetings (or executed consents in lieu thereof) of
the full Board of Directors and committees of which they were a member. Our Board of Directors presently consists of eleven (11) directors.

We have adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to our
principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, as well as other persons performing similar functions
and all employees, applicable, and we agree to provide to any person without
charge, upon request, a copy of our Code of Conduct. Any person who requests a
copy of our Code of Conduct should provide their name and address in writing
to: Interparfums, Inc., 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10176, Att.: Shareholder
Relations. In addition, our Code of Conduct is also maintained on our website,
at www.interparfumsinc.com.

During 2025 , our Board of Directors had the following standing committees:

●

Audit Committee – The Audit Committee has the
sole authority and is directly responsible for, the appointment, compensation
and oversight of the work of the independent accountants employed by our
Company which prepare or issue audit reports for our Company. During 2025, this
committee consisted of Messrs. Francois Heilbronn, the Chairman, and Robert
Bensoussan, and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky.   The
charter of the Audit Committee is posted on our Company’s website.

53

The
Company does not have an “audit committee financial expert” within the
definition of the ap plicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules. Finding
qualified nominees to serve as a director of a public company without the
comparable financial resources of other larger, more established companies has
been challenging. In addition, despite the applicable Securities and Exchange
Commission rule which states that being named as the audit committee financial
expert does not impose any greater duty, obligation or liability, our Company
has been met with resistance from both present and former directors to being
named as such, primarily due to potential additional personal liability.
However, as the result of the background, education and experience of the
members of the Audit Committee, our Board of Directors believes that such
committee members are fully qualified to fulfill their obligations as members
of the Audit Committee. The Chair of the Audit Committee, Mr. François
Heilbronn, is a graduate of Harvard Business School with a Master of Business
Administration degree and is currently the managing partner of the consulting
firm of M.M. Friedrich, Heilbronn & Fiszer which is specialized in busines s
strategy and complex financial operations and investments.

●

Executive Compensation and Stock Option
Committee – The Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee oversees the
compensation of our Company’s executives and administers our Company’s stock
option plans. During 2025, this committee consisted of Messrs. Francois
Heilbronn, the Chairman, and Robert Bensoussan, and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky. The
charter of the Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee as amended as of the date of this report is posted on
our Company’s website.

●

Nominating Committee – During 2025, this
committee consisted of Messrs. Francois Heilbronn, the Chairman, and Robert
Bensoussan, and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky. The purpose of the Nominating Committee is to
determine and recommend qualified persons to the Board of Directors who will be
put forth as management’s slate of directors for vote of the Corporation’s
stockholders, as well as to fill vacancies in the Board of Directors. The
charter of the Nominating Committee as amended as of the date of this report is posted on our Company’s website.

We have adopted a board diversity policy, which was
revised in early 2024 and in 2025. This policy provides that the selection of candidates
for appointment to our board will be based on an overriding emphasis on merit,
but the Nominating Committee will seek to fill board vacancies by considering
candidates that bring a diversity of background and industry or related
expertise to our board. The Nominating Committee is to consider an appropriate
level of diversity having regard for factors such as skills, business and other
experience, education, gender, age, ethnicity and geographic location. A copy
of the board diversity policy as amended as of the date of this report is posted on our Company’s website.

Of the eleven (11) board of directors of our Company, we presently
have one (1) member who self-identifies as a female and white, and one (1) male
member who identifies as Hispanic and white (two or more races or ethnicities).

Business Experience

The following sets forth biographical information as
to the business experience of each executive officer and director of our
Company for at least the past five years.

Jean
Madar

Jean Madar, age 65, a Director, has been the Chairman
of the Board since our Company’s inception, and is a co-founder of our Company
with Mr. Philippe Benacin. From inception until December 1993, he was the
President of our Company; in January 1994, he became Director General of
Interparfums SA, our Company’s subsidiary; and in January 1997, he became Chief
Executive Officer of our Company. Mr. Madar was previously the managing
director of Interparfums SA, from September 1983 until June 1985. At such
subsidiary, he had the responsibility of overseeing the marketing operations of
its foreign distribution, including market research analysis and actual
marketing campaigns. Mr. Madar graduated from The French University for Economic
and Commercial Sciences (ESSEC), the prestigious French business school, in
1983. We believe that Mr. Madar’s skills in guiding, leading and determining
the strategic direction of our Company since its inception together with Mr.
Benacin, in addition to his contacts in the fragrance and cosmetic industry,
render him qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors.

54

Philippe Benacin

Mr. Benacin, age 67, a Director, is President of our
Company and the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, has been the Vice
Chairman of the Board since September 1991, and is a co-founder of our Company
with Mr. Madar. He was elected the Executive Vice President in September 1991,
Senior Vice President in April 1993, and President of the Company in January
1994. In addition, he has been the President of our Company and Chief Executive
Officer of Interparfums SA for more than the past five years. Mr. Benacin
graduated from The French University for Economic and Commercial Sciences
(ESSEC), the prestigious French business school, in 1983. In June 2014 Mr.
Benacin was elected as a member of the Supervisory Board of Vivendi, and
Chairman of its Corporate Governance, Nominations and Remuneration Committee.
We believe that Mr. Benacin’s skills in guiding, leading and determining the
strategic direction of our Company since its inception together with Mr. Madar,
in addition to his contacts in the fragrance and cosmetic industry, render him
qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors.

Michel
Atwood

Mr. Atwood, age 56, became our Chief Financial Officer
on September 6, 2022, and was first elected
to our Board of Directors at the 2022 Annual Meeting held in September 2022.

From September 2018 through March 2022 while at Estée
Lauder, Mr. Atwood had strategic oversight for the fragrance category across
that company and operational accountability for several of its fragrance
brands. He also had senior level merger and acquisition (“M&A”) duties,
including acquisition integration and brand divestitures/discontinuations. Over
his nearly four years at Estée Lauder, he also drove cross-brand synergies
across research and development and supply chain for the fragrance category.
From February 2017 to August 2018, he was an independent consultant as an
M&A advisor on multiple fragrance license acquisitions and also acted as a
private investor.

From 1995 to 2017, Mr. Atwood has held several
executive positions at Procter & Gamble (“P&G”) in France, Switzerland,
Italy and Germany. His final title at P&G was Divisional CFO of Global
Prestige Fragrances, leading a 90 member team, and ultimately spearheading the
divestiture of that division to Coty. Earlier he was CFO Global Markets –
Prestige Fragrances, a business generating over $2 billion in sales, where he
headed a globally dispersed team of 60 people supporting the go-to-market organization
(affiliates, Travel Retail and distributors) of the Prestige Division. Before
that, he was Global Prestige Director of Strategic Planning, Licensing and
Acquisition shaping and executing the overall business direction and licensing
and acquisition strategy of P&G’s Global Fragrance and Premium skin and
cosmetics businesses.

Michel Atwood holds a master’s degree in software
engineering from the Institut National des Sciences Appliquées of Lyon, and a
master’s in international finance from HEC Paris, the prestigious French
business school. He also earned the designation of Certified Management
Accountant from the Institute of Management Accountants. He has a truly
international background, working/living in France, Switzerland, the U.S.,
Canada, Turkey and Italy. We believe that Mr. Atwood’s skills and experience in
accounting, international tax, mergers and acquisitions, as well as his
knowledge of the fragrance industry, render him qualified to serve as a member
of our Board of Directors.

Philippe
Santi

Philippe Santi, age 64, and a Director since December
1999, is the Executive Vice President of Interparfums SA. Mr. Santi, who is a
Certified Accountant and Statutory Auditor in France, was the Chief Financial
Officer of Interparfums SA beginning in February 1995 until November 2023.
Prior to February 1995, Mr. Santi was the Chief Financial Officer for Stryker
France and an Audit Manager for Ernst and Young. We believe that Mr. Santi’s
skills in accounting and tax, as well as his knowledge of the fragrance
industry and our Company’s European based operations, render him qualified to
serve as a member of our Board of Directors.

55

Francois
Heilbronn

Mr.
Heilbronn, age 65, a Director since 1988, an independent director and Chairman of
the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and the Executive Compensation and
Stock Option Committee, is a graduate of Harvard Business School with a Master
of Business Administration degree and is currently the managing partner of the
consulting firm of M.M. Friedrich, Heilbronn & Fiszer. He was formerly
employed by The Boston Consulting Group, Inc. from 1988 through 1992 as a
manager. Mr. Heilbronn graduated from Institut d’ Etudes Politiques de Paris in
June 1983. From 1984 to 1986, he worked as a financial analyst for Lazard
Freres & Co. In addition, during 2009, Mr. Heilbronn became an Associate
Professor in Business Strategy at Sciences Po, Paris, France. As the result of
his business and financial acumen, as well as his experience as managing
partner of a business consulting firm in the area of mergers and acquisitions
of large international companies in retail, consumer goods and consumer
services throughout the world, we believe Mr. Heilbronn is qualified to serve
as a member of our Board of Directors.

Robert Bensoussan

Mr. Robert Bensoussan, age 68, has served as a
Director since March 1997 and is an independent director. He is a member of the
Audit Committee, Nominating Committee, and the Executive Compensation and Stock
Option Committee. Mr. Bensoussan founded RBS Conseil, an investment
company focused on retail and branded luxury goods. He remains an investor in
Hapy Sweet Bee Ltd., a natural health food products company.

Mr.
Bensoussan currently serves as Chairman of Oriflame Holding Limited and
Oriflame Investment Holding PLC, a global beauty and wellbeing company
operating in approximately 60 markets through a multilevel marketing model and
supported by approximately three million beauty entrepreneurs worldwide, a role
he has held since 2025. He is also Chairman of the Supervisory Board of
2Ride Holding, a Marseille-based European leader in premium protective gear for
motorcycle riding and outdoor sports, since 2025.

Previously, Mr. Bensoussan was Chief Executive Officer
of J. Choo Limited from 2001 to 2007 and a member of its board from 2001 to
2011, during which time the company operated as a privately held luxury shoe
wholesaler and retailer. He also served as Chairman of Camaïeu, a French retail
conglomerate, and as a board member of Celio International and Vivarte. In
2019, Mr. Bensoussan resigned after six years as the only non-North American
board member of Lululemon Athletica Inc. Following the successful sale of the
company in 2021, he stepped down from the board of Feelunique.com, one of
Europe’s largest online beauty retailers, after nine years of service. Mr.
Bensoussan has also served on the boards of SNS, a prominent aspirational
streetwear and entertainment hub, Pronovias, the worldwide leader in wedding
dresses and Yonderland, Europe’s largest premium outdoor retailer.

We believe Mr. Bensoussan is qualified to serve as a
member of our Board of Directors due to his business and financial acumen and
his experience in the retail and branded luxury goods market.

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky

Ms. Gabai-Pinsky, age 60, was elected for the first
time to our board as an independent director in September 2017. She became a
director of Interparfums, SA in April 2017. She is currently operating a
startup specialty fragrance business, a director of Lifetime Brands (Nasdaq:
LCUT), which is in the home goods business, and a member of the board of
directors of Parfums de Marly, a privately held company. She was President of
Vera Wang Group from January 2016 through June 2018, after a year of consulting
with the company and she oversaw all product categories and markets. Prior to
joining Vera Wang, from 2006 to December 2014, Ms. Gabai-Pinsky was the Global
President for Aramis and Designers Fragrances as well as Beauty Bank and Idea
Bank at The Estée Lauder Companies, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of
such company. During her tenure, Ms. Gabai-Pinsky developed and ensured the
growth of several beauty and skin care brands, including Lab Series for Men.
She was highly instrumental in the evolution of the fragrance category for such
company, as she improved its overall business model, globally grew brands such
as Donna Karan and Michael Kors, evolved and harmonized the portfolio, divested
dilutive brands and brought in Tory Burch, Zegna and Marni under licenses. She
ultimately actively participated in the acquisitions of Le Labo, Frederic
Malle, and By Kilian and assisted in the transformation of the long-term
strategic direction of such company.

56

In the earlier years of her career, Ms. Gabai-Pinsky
served as Vice President of Marketing and Communication for Guerlain, a
division of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A., where she led the successful
re-launch of Shalimar, the introduction of Aqua Allegoria, and contributed to
the re-focus of the beauty category around its pillars, Terracotta, Meteorites
and Issima, while redesigning all communication strategies and content. She
started her career at L’Oréal, and was also Vice President of Marketing for
Giorgio Armani, where she was instrumental in the overall development of its
fragrance business by developing the successful Acqua di Gio for men and
introducing the Emporio Armani franchise. A graduate from ESSEC Business School
in Paris, France, she has received several awards, including Marketer of the
Year by Women’s Wear Daily in December 2013.

Ms. Gabai-Pinsky is an independent director, and is a
member of the Audit Committee, Executive Compensation and Stock Option
Committee and the Nominating Committee of our Company. We believe Ms.
Gabi-Pinsky is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to
her more than 25 years of experience in the luxury, fashion, beauty and
fragrance fields, success as a brand builder, creative thinker, business
acumen, and a broad understanding of consumers, brands and business models.

Gilbert Harrison

Mr. Harrison, age 85, an independent director, was
appointed to our board in April 2018. Mr. Harrison has more than 50 years of
experience in corporate finance and strategic transactions, specializing in the
consumer products space. He began his career in 1965 practicing corporate and
securities law in New York and Philadelphia. In 1971 he founded Financo, which
he grew to become one of the leading independent middle market transaction
firms in the country. In 1985, Financo was acquired by Lehman Brothers, where
the firm’s primary efforts were focused on increasing its expertise in retail,
apparel and other merchandising transactions of all types. At Lehman, Mr.
Harrison was Chairman of the Merchandising Group and on the firm’s Investment
Banking Operating Committee while continuing as Chairman of Financo, which was
renamed the Middle Market Group of Lehman. In 1989, he re-acquired Financo from
Lehman, re-establishing Financo as one of the leading investment banking firms
handling transactions and providing strategic advice in connection with
merchandising companies. Mr. Harrison retired as Chairman of Financo in
December of 2017, after which he formed the Harrison Group, a firm that
provides consulting and financial advisory services to merchandising and products
companies.

Mr. Harrison’s other activities include his membership
and past membership on the Advisory Council of the GRC Global Conference World
Retail Congress, Shoptalk and the Financial Times Business of Luxury Summit.
Additionally, he created a course on mergers and acquisitions at The Wharton
School and has published various articles and academic studies on the state of
retailing and mergers and acquisitions, including a chapter in the book
entitled, “The Mergers and Acquisitions Handbook.” Mr. Harrison lectures throughout
the country, including chairing seminars for Retail Week as well as for the
International Council of Shopping Centers, the National Retail Federation,
Young President’s Center, The Wharton Aresty Institute of Executive Education
and The President’s Association of the American Management Association. He also
appears frequently on Bloomberg TV and CNBC as an expert on retail and apparel.

Mr. Harrison received a Bachelor of Science in
Economics from The Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania in 1962 and
his Juris Doctor from The University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1965. He is
also Chairman Emeritus of the Fashion Division of UJA, Treasurer, a former board
member of the Southampton Hospital, a retired Director of the Peggy Guggenheim
Collection, and former board member of The Wharton School of the University of
Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Harrison is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his tremendous depth and breadth of knowledge about
the merchandising and consumer industry, and he has a long track record of
facilitating value-creating transactions for companies in this sector. Mr.
Harrison’s autobiography, Deal Junky , was published in January 2022.

57

Kappauf

Gerard
Kappauf (“Kappauf”), age 64, an independent director, was born in Madagascar.
After studying Classic Literature at the Sorbonne in Paris, he attended the San
Francisco Art Institute on a scholarship and worked as a special effects
make-up artist in Los Angeles. Upon traveling to Paris, Kappauf became
interested in fashion and worked at a Jean Paul Gaultier fashion show. Thanks
to this experience, he began to expand his network by meeting emblematic
figures in the industry such as Paco Rabanne. While providing marketing and
acquisition consulting services to L’Oreal Group during the tenure of Lindsay
Owen Jones as its Chairman, in a bid for independence and emancipation he
founded his own magazine in 1992, Citizen K.

Through Citizen K ,
he realized his ambition to launch a major magazine for a wide audience on
fashion, luxury, culture, and the art of living, truly different from the
magazines already in existence. Citizen K magazine then became Citizen
K International in 2012, a benchmark in fashion, luxury, and lifestyle.
Kappauf expanded the magazine's offering with the launch of Citizen K Homme in
2013, and 2014 was the year of change for Citizen K International with a
new format and a fresh look.

In 2016 Kappauf
launched Citizen K Arabia. This title, distributed in the Middle East,
benefits from editorial development and format adapted to the market. Although
80% of Citizen K International’s editorial content is contained in Citizen
K Arabia, this magazine still features 20% of content tailored to The
Emirates and the Middle East. In 2021, Kappauf launched The Kurator, the
first a-gender magazine in the Middle East, as a luxury supplement to Gulf News,
the leading daily newspaper in the region.

In 2024, Kappauf
launched two new magazines: Citizen K Sport, which combines fashion and
sport, and The Kurator India, the luxury supplement of the country’s
leading business daily, Mint.

Founded in January
1992 by Kappauf, he has been the Chief Executive Officer, and Creative and
Editorial Director of the K Group since inception, which owns Citizen K
magazines in Paris, as well as Enkore Studio in Dubai. Enkore Studio
specializes in visual brand identity, digital content, storytelling and concept
development for the fashion, luxury, beauty, and lifestyle industries. Kappauf
now lives in Dubai. We believe that Kappauf’s perspective on fashion, luxury,
culture, and the art of living will bring diversity of viewpoints to our Board
of Directors.

Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne

Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne, age 67, an independent director,
is an accomplished executive in the fast moving consumer goods and retail
sectors, with over 35 years of international experience across London, Paris,
Dubai, and New York. He has held senior leadership roles at prestigious
companies including, The Estee Lauder Companies Inc, LVMH, Marks & Spencer
PLC, EMAAR PJSC, and most recently served as CEO of ESW Americas. Recently,
Mr. Bousquet-Chavanne spearheads the Abu Dhabi Retail Development Program for
the Abu Dhabi Investment Office, an arm of the Abu Dhabi Department of Economic
Development. From September 2023 to the present, he acts as consultant through
his company, PBC Consulting, in the retail industry.

From October 2020 to September 2023, Mr.
Bousquet-Chavanne served on the Advisory Board of ESW, a leading global direct
to consumer e-commerce service provider where he led Americas operations and
the global luxury practice, focusing on structuring United States operations
for accelerated growth and guiding the diversification and global expansion of
ESW in the luxury, fashion, beauty, and personal care industries.

Previously, as CEO of EMAAR Malls—the owner of The
Dubai Mall, the world’s largest travel retail and entertainment destination—Mr.
Bousquet-Chavanne brought transformative perspectives to the Middle East retail
market during a period of rapid digital transformation. He led the acquisition
of Namshi.com, expanded the Dubai Mall's digital footprint, and introduced
advanced analytics and consumer insight capabilities to enhance customer
experience across channels.

58

Prior to his tenure at EMAAR Malls, Mr.
Bousquet-Chavanne was Chief Customer, Marketing, and Digital Officer at Marks
& Spencer PLC. There, he spearheaded the department store’s digital
transformation, positioning marksandspencer.com as one of the top three online
destinations for clothing and footwear in the United Kingdom. He also led
M&S's Beauty transformation initiative, cantered decision-making on
customer insights, and launched the award-winning Sparks™ CRM program.

Mr. Bousquet-Chavanne is a former Independent Director
of Brown-Forman (NYSE: BF-B), one of the largest American spirits companies,
2005 to 2017, and
previously chaired the Compensation Committee of HSNi (NASDAQ: HSNI), a
multi-channel retailer in the USA.

He holds MBAs from Purdue University Krannert School
of Management and an Advanced Management degree from Stanford Executive Program
in Strategy and Organization. Mr. Bousquet-Chavanne is a CCE, “ Conseiller du
Commerce Exterieur de la France ”, a member of Purdue University's Marketing
Advisory Board and was part of the Retail Leadership Group for The Prince’s
Trust, a UK charity founded by Charles, Prince of Wales. He contributes to
Forbes.com on topics related to beauty and luxury. We believe Mr.
Bousquet-Chavanne’s beauty and retail experience will contribute valuable
insights to our Board of Directors.

Herve Bouillonnec

Hervé Bouillonnec, age 56, is the Global Chief Commercial Officer at Interparfums, USA LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company based in New York City, and oversees the commercial strategy and
licensing acquisitions for Interparfums, USA LLC.

Mr. Bouillonnec joined Interparfums, USA LLC in May
2007 to spearhead its worldwide fragrance business, based in New York City. He
brought Interparfums USA his extensive experience in luxury brand management,
including time with Yves Saint Laurent (Kering Group) and Givenchy (LVMH). He
was responsible for growing their prestige beauty and fragrance business to its
full potential in global domestic and travel retail markets. He has strong
leadership skills and is responsible for managing teams worldwide. As an
experienced executive with an entrepreneurial spirit, he continually strives to
grow and build the business, starting from the ground up, with strategic
initiatives to create profitable and economically sound brands.

Mr. Bouillonnec grew up in France and has worked in
the United States since 2001. He is passionate about golf, football, and rugby,
and remains a passionate fan of sports today. He studied in France, England,
and Barcelona, earning a Bachelor of Arts in European Business in Great Britain
and a Master of European Economics from the University of Barcelona in Spain.
He speaks French, Spanish, and English fluently. Hervé enjoys traveling with
his family and lives with his wife and daughter in New York City. We believe
that Mr. Bouillonnec’s extensive experience in building and growing
Interparfums’ fragrance business will be a welcome asset to our Board of
Directors.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any amendments to such forms furnished to us, and written representations from various reporting persons furnished to us, we are not aware of any reporting person who has failed to file the reports required to be filed under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on a timely basis.

59

Insider Trading Policy

The use of material non-public information in securities transactions (“Insider Trading”) or the communication of such information to others who use it in securities trading (“Tipping”) violates the federal securities laws. Such violations are likely to result in harsh consequences for the individuals involved including exposure to investigations by the SEC, criminal and civil prosecution, disgorgement of any profits realized or losses avoided through use of the non-public information and penalties equal to three times such profits or losses. Further, Insider Trading violations expose the Company, its management, and other personnel acting in supervisory capacities to potential civil liabilities and penalties for the actions of employees under their control who engage in Insider Trading violations.

If a director, officer or employee of our Company is
aware of material information relating to the Company, which has not yet been
made available to the public for at least two (2) full business days, then such
person is prohibited by law as well as by Company policy from trading in the
Company’s shares or directly or indirectly disclosing such information to any
other persons so that they may trade in the Company’s shares. It is difficult
to describe what constitutes “material” information, but one should assume that
any information, positive or negative, which might be of significance to an
investor in determining whether to purchase, sell or hold our stock, would be
material.

Information may be significant for this purpose even
if it would not alone determine the investor’s decision. Examples include a
potential business acquisition, internal financial information which departs in
any way from what the market would expect, important product developments, the
acquisition or loss of a major contract, or an important financing transaction.
We emphasize that this list is not meant to be exhaustive, but merely
illustrative.

Not only is it illegal to engage in Insider Trading or
convey such information to others in breach of a duty, it is also generally
illegal to “tip” such information to others who may trade in the securities
involved or to recommend the purchase or sale of securities to others while you
are in possession of such information. It is the policy of the Company that one
should never trade while in possession of material, non-public information or
tip or communicate such information to others without first receiving
authorization from the Company or our counsel. This policy applies to your
personal transactions and those indirectly through a spouse, friend,
corporation or other entity. This applies to the securities of the Company and
of other corporations. Thus, if in the course of the Company’s business, a
person learns of material non-public information concerning another corporation
(such as a customer or supplier) you should abstain from trading in that
corporation’s securities.

Further, this policy applies to securities
transactions by individuals who reside in the same household with directors,
officers and employees of the Company. Strict compliance with these policies
and procedures is expected of all directors, officers and employees and members
of their households, and any infringement thereof may result in sanctions, up
to and including, termination of office or employment.

Insider Trading Procedure

In addition, to avoid the appearance of impropriety, no trading in the Company’s securities is permitted to take place without compliance with the following rules.

●

The person who intends to trade in
the Company’s securities must first contact the Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums,
Inc., prior to any contemplated purchase or sale.

●

There shall be no trading in the
Company’s securities by Company personnel

within ten
(10) full business days before the earlier of

(i) the
issuance of a press release by the Company concerning its periodic financial
information, which occurs approximately five (5) to ten (10) business days
before the filing with the SEC of the Company’s periodic reports, which are due
no later than March 1, May 10, August 9 and November 9 of each year, or

(ii) the
actual filing of such periodic reports; and

until two
(2) full business days AFTER the actual filing of such periodic reports.

●

There shall also be no trading in
the Company’s securities until not less than two (2) full business days after
the release of any other press release or filing with the SEC of a Current
Report on Form 8-K by the Company.

●

In no event shall there be any
trading in the Company’s securities by Company personnel without the prior
consent from the Company.

60

Anti-Hedging Policy

Under the terms of our Anti-Hedging Policy, no
officers, employees or members of our Board of Directors (and their respective
family members or any affiliated entities) may engage in hedging or
monetization transactions involving our securities, including buying any
financial instrument or entering into any transaction that may offset any
potential decrease in the market value of stock options or similar security
that is granted as compensation. This policy also prohibits all actions to
avoid any downward price of such compensation award. This same prohibition
applies as well to any other person or company who is holding such equity
security for the benefit of our employees, officers, directors or family
members. This policy is not intended to prohibit the exercise of our stock
options granted under our stock option plans.

Option Grants Policy and Practice

Option grants to officers and employees have
historically been granted on the last business day of the calendar year, as the
board believes that as a general rule, there should not be any material
non-public information available at that time of year. However, no options were
granted during the years 2025, 2024 and 2023 to any executive officers, other
than Michel Atwood, Chief Financial Officer, who received options to purchase 4,000 shares on the last
business day each such calendar year, respectively, and Mr. Bouillonnec, the Global
Chief Commercial Officer of Interparfums, USA LLC, who also received options to
purchase 4,000 shares on the last business day of each such calendar year. Options have
historically been granted at the fair market value on the date of grant with a
6-year term, and vested 20% each year after the first year on a cumulative
basis. Options granted to officers and employees terminate upon the termination
of association with the Company, for other than death or permanent disability.

Our board authorized automatic grants to our
independent directors commencing on the last business day of each year, which
was approved by our shareholders at the 2023 annual meeting. On December 31,
2025, options to purchase 1,500 shares were granted to all six (6) of our
independent directors, Messrs. Heilbronn, Bensoussan, Harrison, Kappauf,
Bousquet Chavanne and Ms. Gabai-Pinsky at the fair market value on the date of
grant, $84.64 per share.

Clawback
Policy for Erroneously Awarded Executive Compensation

Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy for the
recovery of the award of erroneously awarded incentive compensation for our
executive officers (the “Recovery Policy”). If the Company is required to
prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance with any
financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any
required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued
financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial
statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were
corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period,
then, in accordance with the provisions of this Recovery Policy, the Company
will recover reasonably promptly the amount of all Erroneously Awarded
Compensation from its executive officers, as defined below.

The term “Erroneously Awarded Compensation” is defined
in the Recovery Policy as the amount of incentive-based compensation that
exceeds the amount of incentive-based compensation that otherwise would have
been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts, and
computed without regard to any tax liability. For incentive-based compensation
based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of
erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation
directly from the information in an accounting restatement, the amount must be
based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on
the stock price or total shareholder return upon which the incentive-based
compensation was received.

61

The Recovery Policy applies to all incentive-based
compensation received by an executive officer during the three (3) completed
fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to
prepare an accounting restatement, for all incentive-based compensation
received by executive officers on or after October 2, 2023.

Item 11 . Executive Compensation.

Compensation Discussion and Analysis

General

The Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee
of our Board of Directors is comprised entirely of independent directors and
oversees all elements of compensation (base salary, annual bonus, long-term
incentives and perquisites) of our Company’s executive officers and administers
our Company’s stock option plans, other than the non-employee directors stock
option plan, which is self-executing.

The objectives of our compensation program are
designed to strike a balance between offering sufficient compensation to either
retain existing or attract new executives on the one hand, and maintaining
compensation at reasonable levels on the other hand. We do not have resources
comparable to the cosmetic giants in our industry, and, accordingly, cannot
afford to pay excessive executive compensation. In furtherance of these
objectives, our executive compensation packages generally include a base
salary, as well as annual incentives tied to individual performance and
long-term incentives tied to our operating performance.

Mr. Madar, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
took the initiative after discussions with Mr. Atwood, the Chief Financial
Officer and board member, and recommended executive compensation levels for
executives for United States based operations. Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive
Officer of Interparfums SA, took the initiative after discussions with Philippe
Santi, the Executive Vice President of Interparfums SA, and recommended
executive compensation levels for executives for European based operations. The
recommendations are presented to the Compensation Committee for its
consideration, and the Compensation Committee makes a final determination
regarding salary adjustments and annual award amounts to executives, including
Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin. Messrs. Madar and Benacin are not present
during deliberations or determination of their executive compensation by the
Compensation Committee. Further, Messrs. Madar and Benacin, in addition to
being executive officers and directors, are our largest beneficial
shareholders, and therefore, their interests are aligned with our shareholder
base in keeping executive compensation at a reasonable level.

The Compensation Committee was pleased that the most
recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation held at our last
annual meeting of shareholders in September 2025 overwhelmingly approved the
compensation policies and decisions of the Compensation Committee. The
Compensation Committee has determined to continue its present compensation
policies in order to determine similar future decisions.

Our Compensation Committee believes that individual
executive compensation is at a level comparable with executives in other
companies of similar size and stage of development that operate in the
fragrance industry, and takes into account our Company’s performance as well as
our own strategic goals. During 2025 , the members of such committee consisted of Messrs. Francois Heilbronn and Robert Bensoussan, and Ms.
Gabai-Pinsky.

Elements of Compensation

General

The compensation of our executive officers is
generally comprised of base salaries, including a fee paid to the holding
companies of each of Messrs. Madar and Benacin, annual cash bonuses and
long-term equity incentive awards. In determining specific components of
compensation, the Compensation Committee considers individual performance,
level of responsibility, skills and experience, other compensation awards or
arrangements and overall company performance. The Compensation Committee
reviews and approves all elements of compensation for all of our executive
officers taking into consideration recommendations from the Chief Executive
Officer of our Company and the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, as
well as information regarding compensation levels at competitors in our
industry.

62

Our named executive officers have all been with the
Company for more than the past ten (10) years, other than Mr. Atwood who joined
our Company in September 2022, with Messrs. Madar and Benacin being founders of
the Company. As Messrs. Madar and Atwood, the Chief Financial Officer, and
Benacin and Santi for European based operations, were most familiar with the
individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience of each
executive officer in their respective operating based operations, the
Compensation Committee relies upon the information provided by such executive
officers in determining individual performance, level of responsibility, skills
and experience of each executive officer.

The Compensation Committee views the competitive
marketplace very broadly, which would include executive officers from both
public and privately held companies in general, including fashion and beauty
companies, but not limited to the peer companies contained in the corporate
performance graph contained in our annual report. Generally, rather than tie
the Compensation Committee’s determination of compensation proposals to any
specific peer companies, the members of our committee have used their business
experience, judgment and knowledge to review the executive compensation
proposals recommended to them by Mr. Madar for United States based operations and Mr.
Benacin for European based operations. As such, as a general rule the
Compensation Committee did not determine the need to benchmark any material
item of compensation or overall compensation.

The members of the Compensation Committee have
extensive experience and business acumen and are well qualified in determining
the appropriateness of executive compensation levels. Mr. Heilbronn is a
managing partner of a business consulting firm in the area of mergers and
acquisitions of large international companies in retail, consumer goods and
consumer services throughout the world. Ms. Gabai-Pinsky has executive
experience as the former President of Vera Wang Group, as well as the Global
President for Aramis and Designers Fragrances in addition to Beauty Bank and
Idea Bank at The Estée Lauder Companies. Mr. Bensoussan, the final committee
member, currently serves as Chairman of Oriflame Holding Limited and
Oriflame Investment Holding PLC, a global beauty and wellbeing company. He is
also Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 2Ride Holding, a Marseille-based
European leader in premium protective gear for motorcycle riding and outdoor
sports, since 2025. Finally, he was previously a member of the boards of
lululemon athletica Inc., Feelunique.com, one of Europe’s largest online beauty
retailers, and Jimmy Choo Ltd, from 2001 to 2011.

Base Salary

Base salaries for executive officers are initially
determined by evaluating the responsibilities of the position held and the
experience of the individual, and by reference to the competitive marketplace
for executive talent. Base salaries for executive officers are reviewed on an
annual basis, and adjustments are determined by evaluating our operating
performance, the performance of each executive officer, as well as whether the
nature of the responsibilities of the executive has changed.

As stated above, as Messrs. Madar and Atwood for
United States based operations, and Messrs. Benacin and Santi for European
based operations, were most familiar with the individual performance, level of
responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer in their
respective based operations, the committee relied upon the information provided
by such executive officers in determining individual performance, level of
responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer.

For executive officers of
United States based operations, the bulk of their annual compensation is in
base salary including a fee paid to the holding company for Mr. Madar for
services rendered outside the United States. However, for executive officers of
European based operations, base salary comprises a smaller percentage of overall
compensation. We have paid a lower percentage of overall compensation in the
form of base salary to executive officers of European based operations for
several years, principally because European based operations historically have
had higher profitability than United States based operations, and European based
operations are run differently from United States based operations by the Chief
Executive Officer of European based operations, Mr. Benacin. As the result of
this historically higher profitability, European based operations have had the
ability to pay higher bonus compensation in addition to base salary. As bonus
compensation is and has historically been discretionary, no targets were set in
order to maintain flexibility. Further, if results of operations for European
based operations were not satisfactory (again, no target amounts were set to
maintain flexibility), then bonus compensation, as well as overall compensation
could be lowered without otherwise affecting base salary. Further still, by
keeping annual bonus compensation at a higher percentage of overall
compensation and base salary at a lower percentage, our Company benefits
because the base amount for annual salary adjustments would be smaller.
Finally, initial executive compensation matters for Interparfums SA are
authorized by an independent committee, the Interparfums SA Corporate
Governance, Nominations and Remuneration Committee (the “IPSA Remuneration
Committee”).

63

For 2025, Mr. Benacin received a base salary of $846,600 as compared to $821,500 in 2024. Included in this amount are payments made to Mr. Benacin’s holding company
of $250,000 for each year. This same
consulting fee has been paid for more than each of the past three years, in
accordance with the consulting agreement with Mr. Benacin’s holding company,
which provides for review on an annual basis of the amount of compensation
payable to such company.

The Compensation Committee considered the following
salient factors in ratifying Mr. Benacin’s base compensation that was approved
by the IPSA Remuneration Committee, and in authorizing payment to Mr. Benacin’s
holding company; services rendered to United States based operations for
several years by Mr. Benacin in connection with licensing and distribution of
international brands, as well as future services to be performed by Mr. Benacin
internationally relating to licensing and distribution of international brands
for United States based operations.

For 2025, the base salary of Mr. Santi was $548,000 an increase from $514,000 in 2024. Such
increase amounted to 6.2% from the prior year.  For IPSA, bonus compensation constituted a larger
portion of total executive compensation, as discussed later in the section. The
Compensation Committee considered the recommendations of Mr. Benacin, base
compensation that was approved by the IPSA Remuneration Committee, results of
operations for the year, as well as the services performed for European based
operations by Mr. Santi in ratifying his salary level.

A different approach is taken for United States based
operations as that based operations is smaller and less profitable. A more
significant base salary is paid in order to attract and retain employees with
the skills and talents needed to run the operation with a lesser emphasis
placed on bonuses. Neither of the executive officers for United States based
operations have employment agreements (although Mr. Madar’s personal holding
company has a consulting agreement that provides for review on an annual basis
of the amount of compensation payable to such company), as we believe that
having flexibility in structuring annual base salary is a benefit, which
permits us to act quickly to meet a changing economic environment.

For each of years 2025, 2024 and 2023, Mr. Madar’s Holding
Company received the same management fee of $2 million. The major factors in
the determination for the lack of an increase in the management fee paid to
Jean Madar Holding SAS were the disappointing sales and results of United
States based operations for 2025. The same two factors also were determinative in the
nominal increase in base salary awarded to Mr. Atwood, the Chief Financial
Officer of both Interparfums, Inc. and its United States based operating subsidiary,
Interparfums, USA LLC.

Mr. Atwood, who became the Chief Financial Officer in
September 2022, was paid a base salary of $721,000 for 2025, a nominal increase
of 3.0% from his 2024 base salary of $700,000. The Compensation Committee
considered the following material factors in approving the base salary of Mr.
Atwood for 2025: his individual performances, level of responsibilities, and
skill, as well as the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer.

For Mr. Bouillonnec, the Global Chief Commercial
Officer for United States based operations who was elected to our board of
directors for the first time in September 2025, his base salary was $927,000 in
2025, also a 3.0% increase from his salary of $900,000 in 2024, also due to disappointing
sales and results of United States based operations in 2025. As 2024 sales and
results were improved from the prior year, he had received a $50,000 increase
in base salary from $850,000 in 2023, or a 5.8% increase.

64

Bonus Compensation/Annual Incentives

The discretionary bonuses for Mr. Benacin were $475,000 and $411,000, in
recognition of the record setting performances in both sales and earnings of
Interparfums SA, our French operating subsidiary for 2025 and 2024
respectively. In addition, the Compensation Committee agreed with the
recommendations of Mr. Benacin, IPSA Remuneration Committee and the
contributions made by Mr. Santi to the Company’s success
and growth. Mr. Santi was awarded a discretionary bonus of $537,000, $425,000, and $458,000, in 2025, 2024, and 2023,
respectively, or  98% , 83%, and 92%, of his base salary for those years.

A different approach is taken for United States based
operations as they are smaller and less profitable. As
discussed above, a more significant base salary is paid in order to attract and
retain employees with the skills and talents needed to run United States based
operations with a lesser emphasis placed on bonuses.  Jean
Madar Holding SAS, the management company beneficially owned by Mr. Madar, the
Chief Executive Officer, has not received any cash bonus for more than in the
past three years.

Mr. Atwood, the Chief Financial Officer, who as part
of a verbal agreement with the Company, is entitled to a guaranteed annual
bonus of $100,000, as well as a $100,000 bonus based upon achieving certain
milestones. For 2025, 2024 and 2023, Mr. Atwood received a discretionary bonus of $110,000, $125,000 and $125,000.
The Compensation Committee considered the same factors in granting these two as in approving his annual base salary.

For Mr. Bouillonnec, his bonus compensation was
relatively constant, $135,000 being paid in 2025, and $150,000 being paid in each of 2023 and 2024, reflecting the decrease in sales for United States based operations in 2025 as compared to 2024.

As required by French law, Interparfums SA maintains
its own profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed three
months of service, including executive officers of our European based
operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums
SA. Benefits are calculated based upon a percentage of taxable income of
Interparfums SA and allocated to employees based upon salary. The maximum
amount payable per year per employee is approximately $37,480.

Calculation of the total annual benefits contribution
is made according to the following formula:

50% of (Interparfums SA fiscal income after taxes, less 2.5% of shareholders’ equity excluding current year income and pension provision)
times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and the denominator of which
is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation
allowances + amortization expenses + interest expenses.

Contribution to individual employees is then made pro
rata based upon their individual salaries for the year.

Long-Term Incentives

Stock Options .
In prior years, we had linked long-term
incentives with corporate performance through the grant of stock options.
However, no options were granted in 2021 or 2020 to either employees of United
States based operations or European based operations, as other compensation
arrangements were being considered as part of a review of the executive
compensation strategy. In December 2025, 2024 and 2023, at the recommendation
of the Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation Committee authorized the grant
of a stock option to purchase 4,000, shares for each such year, to Mr. Atwood,
at the fair market value on the dates of grant, as part of his long-term
incentives. Unless the market price of our common stock increases, Mr. Atwood
will have no tangible benefit from this option. Thus, the option holder is
provided with the additional incentive to increase individual performance with
the ultimate goal of increasing our overall performance. We believe that
enhanced executive incentive that result in increased corporate performance
tend to build company loyalty. Mr. Herve Bouillonnec, the Global Chief
Commercial Officer of Interparfums, USA LLC, who is also a member of our board
of directors, was granted a stock option to purchase 4,000 shares at the fair
market value on the dates of grant, for contributions to the Company in such
capacity, not as a member of our board of directors. However, no other stock
option grants were made to other executive officers in 2025, 2024 or 2023,
including Messrs. Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin.

65

Interparfums SA Stock Compensation Plans

2025 Free Share Plan –  On December 1, 2025, the Board of Interparfums SA (“IPSA”) decided to grant 137,900 free shares of its capital stock to all of the IPSA’s employees and corporate officers subject to their employment on the vesting date of March 1, 2029. Issuance of these shares is based on satisfaction of performance conditions, relating to IPSA's 2028 fiscal year achievement's of consolidated sales and operating income for 45% of the shares and an EcoVadis rating for 10% of the shares.

IPSA used the services of third party to assist them in the valuation of the plan,   with   the calculations and assumptions as follows:

●

Management expects the rate of staff turnover to be 10%.

●

Using the Monte Carlo method, management expects the performance rate to be 86.2% on the IPSA and subsidiaries consolidated sales, 60% on the consolidated operating income and 80% on the EcoVadis rating.

●

As of December 31, 2025,   management, using the above Monte Carlo method assumptions, expects  total expenses related to this plan to be valued at $2.2 million (€2 million).

As of December 31, 2025:

●

No shares of IPSA Capital Stock were purchased in the open market and allocated to this plan

$0.1 million of expense was recorded ($0.1 million including social contributions).

2024 - 2023 No
shares were granted to any employees or corporate officers during either year.

2022 Free Share Plan – On March 16, 2022, the Board of Interparfums SA
(“IPSA”) decided to grant 88,400 free shares of its capital stock to all of the
IPSA’s employees and corporate officers having more than 6 months seniority at
the grant date. The free shares were issued in June 2025. Issuance of
those shares is based on satisfaction of performance conditions, relating to
the 2024 IPSA sales for 50% of the shares and 2024 operating income for the
balance.

IPSA used the services of third party to assist them in the valuation of the plan, with the calculations and assumptions as follows:

●

Management expects the rate of
staff turnover to be 12%.

●

Using the Monte Carlo method,
management expects the performance rate to be 80% on the IPSA and
subsidiaries consolidated sales and 80.8% on the consolidated operating
income.

●

As of December 31, 2022 management
has updated its expectation related to the performance rate to be 100% for
both consolidated sales and consolidated operating income based on the above
assumptions, the total expenses related to this plan are valued at $4.1
million.

As of December 31, 2024:

●

96,371  shares of IPSA Capital Stock, representing $ 4.1  million were purchased in the open market and allocated to this plan.

$ 1.4  million of expense was recorded (or $ 1.6  million including social contributions).

As of  December  31, 2025:

●

106,046  shares of IPSA Capital Stock, representing $ 4.1  million were purchased in the open market and allocated to this plan. All shares were vested and distributed to eligible employees on June 16, 2025.

$0.7   million of expense was recorded (or $0.9  million including social contributions).

Stock Appreciation Rights

Our stock option plans authorize us to grant stock
appreciation rights, or SARs. An SAR represents a right to receive the
appreciation in value, if any, of our common stock over the base value of the
SAR. To date, we have not granted any SARs under our plans. While the
Compensation Committee currently does not plan to grant any SARs under our
plans, it may choose to do so in the future as part of a review of the
executive compensation strategy.

66

Restricted Stock

We have not in the past, and we do not have any future
plans to grant restricted stock to our executive officers. However, while the
Compensation Committee currently does not plan to authorize any restricted
stock plans, the Compensation Committee may choose to do so in the future as
part of a review of the executive compensation strategy.

Other Compensation

For 2025, Mr. Benacin received an automobile allowance of $12,204.

No Stock Ownership Guidelines

We do not require any minimum level of stock ownership
by any of our executive officers. As stated above, Messrs. Madar and Benacin,
are our largest beneficial shareholders, which aligns their interests with our
shareholder base in keeping executive compensation at a reasonable level.

Retirement and Pension Plans

We maintain a 401(k) plan for United States based
operations, and match the first 50% of the first 6% of contributions made by
each employee on an annual basis, as we have determined that base compensation
together with annual bonuses, are sufficient incentives to retain talented
employees. Our European based operations maintain a pension plan for its
employees as required by French law. For each of 2025, 2024, and 2023, each of
Messrs. Benacin and Santi received an increase of approximately $20,000, $19,000, and $17,600,
respectively, in their value of deferred compensation earnings.

Compensation Committee Report

We have reviewed and discussed with management the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis provisions to be included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and the proxy
statement for the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders. Based on this review
and discussion, we recommend to the Board of Directors that the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis referred to above be included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K as well as the proxy statement for the upcoming annual meeting of
shareholders.

François Heilbronn

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky and

Robert Bensoussan

67

The following table sets forth a summary of all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our “named executive officers,” who are our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, and each of the three most highly compensated executive officers of our Company. This table covers all such compensation during fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 , December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . For all compensation related matters disclosed in the summary compensation table, and elsewhere where applicable, all amounts paid in euro have been converted to U.S. dollars at the average rate of exchange in each year.

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary ($)

Bonus ($)

Stock Awards ($)

Option Awards ($)( 1 )

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)( 2 )

Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)

All Other Compensation ($)( 3 )

Total ($)

Jean Madar, ( 4 )

2025

2,000,000

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

2,000,000

Chairman and

2024

2,000,00 0

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

2,000,000

Chief Executive Officer

2023

2,000,00 0

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

2,000,000

Michel Atwood

2025

721,000

110,000

- 0 -

82,053

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

913,053

Chief Financial Officer

2024

700,000

125,000

- 0 -

133,251

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

958,251

2023

525,000

125,000

-0-

140,327

-0-

-0-

-0-

790,327

Philippe Benacin, President

2025

846,640

474,600

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

20,225

12,204

1,353,669

Interparfums, Inc. and Chief Executive

2024

821,507

411,312

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

19,072

11,690

1,263,581

Officer of Interparfums SA

2023

794,975

216,260

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

17,600

11,678

1,040,513

Philippe Santi, Executive Vice

2025

547,618

536,750

- 0 -

- 0 -

37,480

19,681

- 0 -

1,141,529

President, Interparfums SA

2024

513,558

425,058

- 0 -

- 0 -

31,688

18,920

- 0 -

989,224

2023

495,668

457,714

- 0 -

- 0 -

37,603

17,600

- 0 -

1,008,585

Herve Bouillonnec,

2025

927,000

135,000

- 0 -

82,053

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

1,144,053

Global Chief Commercial Officer

2024

900,000

150,000

- 0 -

133,251

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

1,183,251

of Interparfums, USA LLC

2023

850,000

150,000

- 0 -

140,327

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

1,140,327

68

1

Amounts reflected under Option Awards represent
the grant date fair values in 2025, 2024 and 2023 based on the fair value of
stock option awards using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The assumptions
used in this model are detailed in Footnote 12 to the audited consolidated financial
statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and filed with the SEC.

2
As required by French law,
Interparfums SA maintains its own profit sharing plan for all French
employees who have completed three months of service, including executive
officers of our European based operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief
Executive Officer of Interparfums SA. Benefits are calculated based upon a
percentage of taxable income of Interparfums SA and are allocated to
employees based upon salary. The maximum amount payable per year is
approximately $37,480.

Calculation of total annual benefits contribution is made according to the following formula:

50 % of (Interparfums SA fiscal income after taxes, less 2.5 % of shareholders’ equity excluding current year income and pension provision) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and the denominator of which is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization expenses + interest expenses.

Contribution to individual employees is then made pro rata based upon their individual salaries for the year.

3
The following table identifies (i) perquisites and other personal benefits provided to our named executive officers in fiscal 2025 , and quantifies those required by SEC rules to be quantified and (ii) all other compensation that is required by SEC rules to be separately identified and quantified.

4
Represents fees paid to Jean Madar Holding SAS in accordance with a Supervising and Coordinating Service Agreement, as amended.

Name and Principal Position

Perquisites and other Personal Benefits ($)

Personal Automobile Expense ($)

Lodging Expense ($)

Total ($)

Jean Madar, Chairman

Chief Executive Officer

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

Michel Atwood, Chief Financial Officer

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

Philippe Benacin, President of Interparfums, Inc. and

Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA

- 0 -

12,204

- 0 -

12,204

Philippe Santi,

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer, Interparfums SA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

Herve Bouillonnec,

Global Chief Commercial Officer,  Interparfums USA LLC

- 0 -

0

- 0 -

0

69

Plan based Awards

The following table sets certain information relating to each grant of an award made by our Company to the executive officers of our Company listed in the Summary Compensation Table during the past fiscal year.

Grants of Plan-based Awards

Name

Grant Date

Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards

Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards

All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or

All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying

Exercise or Base Price of Option

Closing

Threshold ($)

Target ($)

Maximum ($)

Threshold (#)

Target (#)

Maximum (#)

Units (#)

Options (#)

Awards ($/Sh)

Price ($/Sh)

Jean Madar

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

NA

NA

Michel Atwood

12/31/2025

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

4,000

$84.64

$84.83

Philippe Benacin

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

NA

NA

Philippe Santi

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

NA

NA

Herve  Bouillonnec

12/31/2025

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

4,000

$84.64

$84.83

NA means not applicable.

Interparfums SA Stock Compensation Plan

The following table sets certain information relating to each grant of an award made by Interparfums SA to the executive officers of our Company listed in the Summary Compensation Table during the past fiscal year. Equity awards relate to the shares of Interparfums SA.

Grants of Plan-based Awards

Name

Grant Date

Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards

Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards

All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or

All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying

Exercise or Base Price of Option

Closing

Threshold ($)

Target ($)

Maximum ($)

Threshold (#)

Target (#)

Maximum (#)

Units (#)

Options (#)

Awards ($/Sh)

Price ($/Sh)(1)

Jean Madar

12/1/2025

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

4,000

- 0 -

NA

€21.53

Michel Atwood

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

NA

NA

Philippe Benacin

12/1/2025

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

4,000

- 0 -

NA

€ 21.53

Philippe Santi

12/1/2025

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

4,000

- 0 -

NA

€ 21.53

Herve  Bouillonnec

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

NA

NA

1
Price listed represents the fair value per share on the grant date.

Interparfums SA Profit Sharing Plan

As discussed above and required by French law, Interparfums, SA maintains its own profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed three months of service, including executive officers of our European based operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums, SA. Benefits are calculated based upon a percentage of taxable income of Interparfums SA and allocated to employees based upon salary. The maximum amount payable per year per employee is approximately $37,480.

70

Calculation of total annual benefits contribution is made according to the following formula:

50 % of (Interparfums SA fiscal income after taxes, less 2.5 % of shareholders equity excluding current year income and pension provision) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and the denominator of which is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization expenses + interest expenses.

The following table sets certain information relating to each grant of a non-equity award made by Interparfums SA to the executive officers of our Company listed in the Summary Compensation Table during the past fiscal year. Equity awards relate to the shares of Interparfums SA.

Name
Plan Name
Amount Awarded

Jean Madar
NA
$ 0

Michel Atwood
NA
$ 0

Philippe Benacin
NA
$ 0

Philippe Santi
Interparfums SA Profit Sharing Plan
$37,480

Herve   Bouillonnec
NA
$0

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The following table sets forth certain information relating to outstanding equity awards of our Company held by the executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table as of December 31, 2025 .

Option Awards

Name

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable ( 1 )

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)

Option Exercise Price ($)

Option Expiration Date

Jean Madar

-0-

-0-

-0-

-0-

NA

Michel Atwood

3,000

2,000

-0-

97.84

12/30/28

1,600

2,400

-0-

147.71

12/28/29

800

3,200

-0-

130.60

12/30/30

-0-

4,000

-0-

84.64

12/30/31

Philippe Benacin

-0-

-0-

-0-

-0-

NA

Philippe Santi

-0-

-0-

-0-

-0-

NA

Herve   Bouillonnec

3,000

2,000

-0-

97.84

12/30/28

1,600

2,400

-0-

147.71

12/28/29

800

3,200

-0-

130.60

12/30/30

-0-

4,000

-0-

86.84

12/30/31

[ Footnotes from table above ]

1
All options expire 6 years from the date of grant, and vest 20 % each year commencing one year after the date of grant.

71

The following table sets certain information relating to outstanding equity awards granted by Interparfums SA, our majority-owned French subsidiary which has its shares traded on the NYSE Euronext, held by the executive officers of our Company listed in the Summary Compensation Table as of the end of the past fiscal year.

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END OF INTERPARFUMS SA

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Name

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable)

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)

Option Exercise Price ($)

Option Expiration Date

Number of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested (#)( 1 )

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested ($)(2)

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#)

Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested($)

Jean Madar

- 0 -

0

- 0 -

NA

NA

4,000

118,534

- 0 -

- 0 -

Michel Atwood

- 0 -

0

- 0 -

NA

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

Philippe Benacin

- 0 -

0

- 0 -

NA

NA

4,000

118,534

- 0 -

- 0 -

Philippe Santi

- 0 -

0

- 0 -

NA

NA

4,000

118,534

- 0 -

- 0 -

Herve   Bouillonnec

- 0 -

0

- 0 -

NA

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

1
Estimated number of shares are to be issued only to the extent that the performance conditions have been met.

2

As of  December 31, 2025 , the closing price of Interparfums SA as reported by the Euronext was 25.22 euros, and the exchange rate was 1.175 U.S. dollars to  1  euro.

72

Option Exercises and Stock Vested

The following table sets forth certain information relating to each option exercise affected during the past fiscal year, and each vesting of stock, including restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments of our Company during the past fiscal year, for the executive officers of our Company listed in the Summary Compensation Table.

OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Name

Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#)

Value Realized on Exercise ($) 1

Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#)

Value Realized On Vesting ($)

Jean Madar

25,000

253,950

- 0 -

- 0 -

Michel Atwood

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

Philippe Benacin

25,000

252,282

- 0 -

- 0 -

Philippe Santi

2,000

131,888

- 0 -

- 0 -

Herve   Bouillonnec

4,500

195,132

- 0 -

- 0 -

[Footnotes from table above]

1
Total value realized on exercise of options in dollars is based upon the difference between the fair market value of the common stock on the date of exercise, and the exercise price of the option.

Regarding Interparfums SA, our majority-owned French subsidiary which has its shares traded on the Euronext, no options were exercised during the past fiscal year, and there was no vesting of stock, including restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments during the past fiscal year, for the executive officers of our Company listed in the Summary Compensation Table.

Pension Benefits

The following table sets forth certain information relating to payment of benefits in connection with retirement plans during the past fiscal year, for the executive officers of our Company listed in the Summary Compensation Table.

PENSION BENEFITS

Name

Plan Name

Number of Years Credited Service (#)

Present Value of Accumulated Benefit* ($)

Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($)

Jean Madar

NA

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

Michel Atwood

NA

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

Philippe Benacin

Interparfums SA Pension Plan

NA

434,323

20,225

Philippe Santi

Interparfums SA Pension Plan

NA

433,62 2

19,681

Herve   Bouillonnec

NA

NA

- 0 -

- 0 -

*
Does not include any contributions made by prior employers, or individually by the recipients as such information is confidential under French law.

73

Interparfums SA maintains a pension plan for all of its employees, including all executive officers. The calculation of commitments for severance benefits involves estimating the probable present value of projected benefit obligations. This projected benefit obligations are then prorated to take into account seniority of the employees of Interparfums SA on the calculation date.

In calculating benefits, the following assumptions were applied:

-
voluntary retirement at age 65;

-
employer social security contribution rates of 42.5% for executives and 46.8% for non-executives;

-
a 4% average annual salary increase;

-
an annual rate of turnover for all employees under 55 years of age and nil above;

-
a turnover rate based on employee age and prospective mortality tables;

-
a discount rate of 3.96%.

The normal retirement age is 65 years, but employees, including Messrs. Benacin and Santi can collect reduced benefits if they retire at age 62.

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation

We do not maintain any nonqualified deferred compensation plans.

CEO Pay Ratio

As required by Section 953 (b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402 (u) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of our mean employee and the annual total compensation of Mr. Jean Madar, Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”):

For 2025, our last completed fiscal year:

●
Our median employee’s compensation was $80,971

●
Our Chief Executive Officer’s total 2025 compensation was $2,253,950

●
Accordingly, our 2025 CEO to Median Employee Pay Ratio was 27.84  to 1

This pay ratio is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with SEC rules based on our payroll and employment records. We identified our median employee using our total employee population as of December 31, 2025 by applying a consistently applied compensation measure across our global employee population. For our consistently applied compensation measure, we used all compensation, including actual base salary, bonuses, commissions, and any overtime paid during the 12-month period ending December 31, 2025. We did not use any material estimates, assumptions, adjustments or statistical sampling to determine the worldwide median employee.

The SEC rules for identifying the median compensated employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee’s annual total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates and assumptions that reflect their compensation practices. As such, the pay ratio reported by other companies may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported above, as other companies may have different employment and compensation practices and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios.

74

Employment and Service/Consulting Agreements

Please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Item 11 under the heading “ Employment and Consulting Agreements ” for the material terms of the employment agreement with Philippe Benacin, individually, and the consulting agreement and fees previously granted to, Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Compensation of Directors

The following table sets forth certain information relating to the compensation for each of our directors who is not an executive officer of our Company named in the Summary Compensation Table for the past fiscal year.

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION

Name

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash

($)

Stock Awards ($)

Option Awards ($)

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)

Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings

All Other Compensation ($) 1

Total ($)

François  Heilbronn

26,000

- 0 -

30,770

- 0 -

- 0 -

110,019

166,789

Robert Bensoussan

23,000

- 0 -

30,770

- 0 -

- 0 -

90,324

144,094

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky

26,000

- 0 -

30,770

- 0 -

- 0 -

89,697

146,467

Gilbert Harrison

9,000

- 0 -

30,770

- 0 -

- 0 -

90,324

130,094

Kappauf

15,000

- 0 -

30,770

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

Patrick  Bousquet - Chavanne

3,000

- 0 -

30,770

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

- 0 -

[Footnotes from table above]

1 .
Represents gain from exercise of stock options.

All nonemployee directors receive $6,000 for each board meeting at which they participate in person, and $3,000 for each meeting held by conference telephone. In addition, the annual fee for each member of the Audit Committee is $8,000.

We maintain a stock option plan for our nonemployee or independent directors. The purpose of this plan is to assist us in attracting and retaining key directors who are responsible for continuing the growth and success of our Company. Under such plan, options to purchase 1,500 shares are granted on the last business day of each year at the fair market value on the date of grant to all nonemployee directors for as long as each is a nonemployee director on such date. Such options vest and become exercisable to purchase shares of Common Stock as follows: 20% one year after the date of grant, and then 20% on each of the second, third, fourth and fifth consecutive years from the date of grant on a cumulative basis, so that each option shall become fully vested and exercisable on the first day of the sixth year from the date of grant. However, if a nonemployee director does not attend certain of the board meetings, then such option grants are reduced according to a schedule.

75

Item 12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (a) each person we know to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, (b) our executive officers and directors and (c) all of our directors and officers as a group. Messrs. Madar and Benacin own 99.99% of their respective personal holding companies. As of March 10 , 2026 , we had 32,071,785 shares of common stock outstanding.

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Amount of Beneficial Ownership 1

Approximate Percent of Class

Jean Madar Jean Madar Holding SAS 166 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré 75008 Paris, France

7,096,841 2

22.1
%

Philippe Benacin Interparfums SA 10 rue de Solférino 75007 Paris, France

6,846,064 3

21.3
%

Michel Atwood c/o Interparfums, Inc. 551 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10176

5,400 4

Less than 1
%

Philippe Santi Interparfums SA 10 rue de Solférino 75008 , Paris, France

0

0
%

François  Heilbronn 60 Avenue de Breteuil 75007 Paris, France

31,863 5

Less than 1
%

Robert Bensoussan Victor Palace, 31 Avenue de Grande Bretagne, 98000 Monaco

14,300 6

Less than 1
%

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky 200 East End Avenue New York, NY 10128

1,800 7

Less than 1
%

Gilbert Harrison Harrison Group 239 Ox Pasture Road South Hampton, NY 11968

4,850 8

Less than 1
%

Gerard Kappauf

44 rue Notre de Dame de Nazareth

75003 Paris, France

900 9

Less than 1
%

Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne

231 Flying Point Road

South Hampton, NY 11968

-0-

0
%

Herve Bouillonnec

Interparfums, USA LLC

551 Fifth Avenue

New York, NY 10176

6,900 10

Less than 1
%

All Directors and Officers (As a Group 11 Persons)

14,008,918 11

43.7
%

76

1

All shares of common stock are directly held with sole voting power and sole power to dispose, unless otherwise stated. Options which are exercisable within 60 days are included in beneficial ownership calculations.

2

Consists of 10,500 shares held directly and 7,086,341 shares held indirectly through Jean Madar Holding SAS, a personal holding company.

3

Consists of 6,846,064 shares held indirectly through Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, a personal holding company.

4

Consists of shares of common stock underlying options for Mr. Atwood.

5
Consists of 30,063 shares held directly and options to purchase 1,800 shares for Mr. Heilbronn.

6
Consists of 12,500 shares held directly and options to purchase 1,800 shares for Mr.  Bensoussan .

7
Consists of shares of common stock underlying options for Ms.  Gabai -Pinsky.

8
Consists of 3,050 shares held directly and 1,800 shares of common stock underlying options for Mr. Harrison.

9
Consists of shares of common stock underlying options for Mr.  Kappauf .

10
Consists of 1,500 shares held directly and 5,400 shares of common stock underlying options for Mr. Bouillonnec.

11
Consists of 14,008,918 shares held directly or indirectly, and options to purchase 18,900 shares.

The following table sets forth certain information as of the end of our last fiscal year regarding all equity compensation plans that provide for the award of equity securities or the grant of options, warrants or rights to purchase our equity securities.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

Plan category

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a)

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b)

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c)

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

187,050

$112.67

451,535

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders

- 0 -

NA

- 0 -

Total

187,050

$112.67

451,535

77

Item 13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Transactions with European Subsidiaries

We also provide (or had provided on our behalf) certain financial, accounting and legal services for Interparfums SA, and during 2025 , 2024 , and 2023 , and fees for such services were $240,000 ,   $240,000, and $530,000, respectively.

In March 2024, Interparfums SA, a majority owned subsidiary of Interparfums, Inc. made a short-term loan to Interparfums, Inc. of $24 million to fund the dividend payment for the first quarter of 2024. The loan was repaid in one lump sum on May 31, 2024, together with interest at approximately 4.95% per annum.

In September 2023, Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc., an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Company, loaned the Company $20 million, which was repaid in 2024 with interest at 5.3% per annum. In December 2023, Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc. made a second loan to the Company in the amount of $12 million, which was repaid in 2024 with interest at 5.3% per annum. These loans partially funded our share repurchase plan during 2023 and cash dividend payments.

Management and Consulting Agreements

In April 2023, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Coordinating and Supervising Service Agreement (“Service Agreement”) that amended the fee arrangement Jean Madar Holding SAS, which replaced a prior agreement that was initially entered into in 2013, as amended. The amendment to the Service Agreement was previously approved by the Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee, as well as the Audit Committee due to the related party nature of the Service Agreement. The aggregate increase in fees payable to Jean Madar Holding SAS is from $1.23 million to $2.0 million on an annual basis, effective as of January 1, 2023. Further, as requested by Jean Madar Holding SAS, effective April 1, 2023 and continuing thereafter, all fees are to be paid entirely to Jean Madar Holding SAS, and for the balance of calendar year 2023, the amount of such fees are inclusive of the salary paid to Jean Madar individually from January 1, 2023 to March 31, 2023. As Jean Madar, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, is the beneficial owner of Jean Madar Holding SAS, all of such fees paid to Jean Madar Holding SAS have been characterized as base salary for the disclosure purposes for the Summary Compensation Table and related discussion in Item 11. The same $2.0 million fee was paid to Jean Madar Holding SAS under the Service Agreement during 2024 and in 2025.

Please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Item 11 under the heading “ Employment and Consulting Agreements ” for a material terms of the employment agreement with Philippe Benacin, individually, and the consulting agreements with, and fees and stock options previously granted to, Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions

Transactions between related persons, such as between an executive officer or director and our Company, or any company or person controlled by such officer or director, are required to be approved by our Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Our Audit Committee Charter contains such explicit authority, as required by the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market.

78

The following are our directors who are independent directors within the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market:

François Heilbronn

Robert Bensoussan

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky

Gilbert Harrison

Gerard Kappauf

Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne

We follow and comply with the independent director definitions as provided by The Nasdaq Stock Market rules in determining the independence of our directors, which are posted on our Company’s website. In addition, such rules are also available on The Nasdaq Stock Market’s website. In addition, The Nasdaq Stock Market maintains more stringent rules relating to director independence for the members of our Audit Committee, and the members of our Audit Committee, Messrs. Heilbronn and Bensoussan, as well as Ms. Gabai-Pinsky, are independent within the meaning of those rules.

Board Leadership Structure and Risk Management

Please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Item 13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, under the heading “ Board Leadership Structure and Risk Management ,” for prior disclosure on this topic, which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Fees

The following sets forth the fees billed to us by Forvis Mazars, LLP and Mazars USA LLP, as well as discusses the services provided for the past two fiscal years, fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 .

Audit Fees

Fees billed by Forvis Mazars, LLP and its affiliates, Forvis Mazars SA and Forvis Mazars S.p.A. for audit services and review of the consolidated financial statements contained in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q was $1.6 million for 2025 and $1.4 million for the Q2 and Q3 10-Qs and the annual 10-K for 2024.  Fees billed by  Mazars  USA LLP and its affiliates,  Mazars  S.A. and Mazars Italia S.p.A. for review of the consolidated financial statements contained in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q were $0.3 million for the Q1 2024 10-Q.

Audit-Related Fees

Forvis Mazars, LLP and its affiliates did not bill us for any audit-related services during 2025 and 2024 .

Tax Fees

Forvis Mazars, LLP and its affiliates billed us $0.01 million and $0 for  tax services during 2025 and 2024 .

All Other Fees

Forvis Mazars, LLP and its affiliates billed us $0.1 million for other services during 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

The Audit Committee has the sole authority for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of our independent accountants, who prepare or issue an audit report for us.

79

During the second quarter of 2025, the Audit Committee authorized the following non-audit services to be performed by Forvis  Mazars,  LLP.

●

We authorized the engagement of Forvis   Mazars , LLP  if deemed necessary to provide tax consultation in the ordinary course of business for fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 .

●
We authorized the engagement of  Forvis   Mazars , LLP  if deemed necessary to provide tax consultation as may be required on a project by project basis that would not be considered in the ordinary course of business, up to a $10,000 fee limit per project (or €10,000 in the case of  Interparfums  SA), subject to an aggregate fee limit of $50,000 for fiscal year ended  December 31, 2025 . If we require further tax services from  Forvis   Mazars , LLP , then the approval of the Audit Committee must be obtained.

●
We authorized the engagement of  Forvis   Mazars , LLP  if deemed necessary to provide attestation or other services as may be required on a project by project basis that would not be considered in the ordinary course of business, up to a $10,000 fee limit per project (or €10,000 in the case of  Interparfums  SA), subject to an aggregate fee limit of $50,000 for fiscal year ended  December 31, 2025 . If we require further other services from  Forvis   Mazars , LLP , then the approval of the Audit Committee must be obtained.

●
If we require other services by  Forvis   Mazars , LLP  on an expedited basis such that obtaining pre-approval of the audit committee is not practicable, then the Chairman of the Committee has authority to grant the required pre-approvals for all such services.

●
We imposed a cap of $100,000 on the fees that  Forvis   Mazars , LLP  can charge for services on an expedited basis that are approved by the Chairman without obtaining full Audit Committee approval.

●
None of the non-audit services of  Forvis   Mazars , LLP  had the pre-approval requirement waived in accordance with Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X.

80

PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

Page

( a)(1)
Financial Statements annexed hereto

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms

F-2

Audited
Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025

F-7

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025

F-8

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025

F-9

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025

F-10

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-11

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedule:

Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

F-39

(a)(3)
Exhibits – The list of exhibits is contained in the Exhibit Index, which follows the signature page of this report.

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

81

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated
Financial Statements and Schedule

Index

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-2

( Forvis  Mazars, LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB ID 686 )

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-5

( Mazars USA LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB ID   339 )

Audited
Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 , and 2024
F-6

Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025
F-7

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025
F-8

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025
F-9

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025
F-10

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
F-11

Financial
Statement Schedule:

Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
F-39

F-1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Interparfums, Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Interparfums, Inc. (the
Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related
notes and Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves listed
in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial
statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

We also have audited
the adjustments to the 2023 consolidated financial statements (i) to correct the
immaterial misstatements in the 2023 consolidated financial statements, as
described in Notes 1 and 15, (ii) to retrospectively apply the Company’s
adoption of ASU 2023 ‑ 07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment
Disclosures as presented in Note 14, and (iii) the adoption of ASU 2023 ‑ 09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements
to Income Tax Disclosures, as described in Note 1 and presented in Note 15. In
our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. We
were not engaged to audit, review, or perform any procedures with respect to
the Company’s 2023 consolidated financial statements other than those related
to the adjustments described above, and, accordingly, we do not express an
opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2023 consolidated financial
statements taken as a whole.

A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim consolidated financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following
material weakness has been identified and
included in management’s assessment:

As
previously disclosed, the Company does not have an annual risk assessment
process sufficiently designed to identify the risks that could impact the
Company's consolidated financial statements. This includes processes to review
any previously recognized risks and identify any potential new risks that could
have a material impact on the Company. As a result, the Company could not
properly assess if the key controls in place were sufficient to mitigate the
risks of material misstatement and the Company could not adequately provide
oversight over the testing of management's internal control over financial
reporting. Management has implemented certain remediation measures, however,
the material weakness has not been remediated as of December 31, 2025.

This material
weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of
auditing procedures applied in our audit of the Company’s consolidated financial
statements, and our opinion regarding the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting does not affect our opinion on those
consolidated financial statements.

In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2025 and 2024, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the
each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Also in our
opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described above on the
achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated
Framework: (2013) issued by the COSO.

F-2

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s
management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.

We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB.

We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the
consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of
the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of reliable consolidated financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical
audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period
audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical
audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit
matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

F-3

Valuation of Indefinite-Lived
Intangible Assets

As described in Note
7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s indefinite-lived
intangible assets were $153.2 million as of December 31, 2025. The balance is
primarily attributable to the Rochas Fragrance trademark, which comprises the
majority of the Company’s indefinite‑lived intangible assets.   The Company evaluates indefinite-lived
intangible assets for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter,
or more frequently when events occur or circumstances change. When testing
indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the evaluation requires a
comparison of the estimated fair value of the asset to the carrying value of
the asset. The fair values used in management’s evaluations are estimated based
upon discounted future cash flow projections using a weighted average cost of
capital and long-term growth rate.

We have
identified the valuation of the Rochas Fragrance trademark as a critical audit
matter. The principal considerations for our determination are (i) the
significant judgment used by management when developing the fair value of the
indefinite-lived intangible assets; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment,
subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s
significant assumptions related to estimates of projected future sales,
discount rates and long-term growth rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved
the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

The procedures we
performed to address this critical audit matter included:

●
Obtained
an und erstanding of the Company’s valuation model and process for assessing
impairment of the Rochas Fragrance indefinite-lived intangible asset, and
evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls
relating to the indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment assessments.

●
Used
the work of a valuation specialist to assist in our procedures in evaluating
the appropriateness of management’s valuation models and assumptions,
specifically related to the weighted average cost of capital (i.e., the
discount rate) and long-term growth rate.

●
Evaluated the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to projected future sales and cash flows.

●
Tested the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in their valuation model, and the mathematical accuracy of management’s valuation model.

Forvis Mazars, LLP

/s/ Forvis Mazars, LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2024 .

New York, New York

March 10, 2026

F-4

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Interparfums, Inc. (f/k/a Inter Parfums, Inc.)

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited, before the effects
of the correction of immaterial misstatements described in Note 1 and the
adjustments to retrospectively apply the changes in accounting described in
Notes 14 and 15, the
accompanying consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows of Interparfums, Inc. (the “Company”) for
the year ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and the schedule listed
in the Index in Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated
financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements,
before the effects of the correction of immaterial misstatements (as described
in Note 1) and the adjustments to retrospectively apply the changes in
accounting (as described in Notes 14 and 15), present fairly, in all material
respects, the results of the Company’s operations and its cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

We were not engaged to audit,
review, or apply any procedures to the correction of immaterial misstatements (as
described in Note 1) and the adjustments to retrospectively apply the changes
in accounting (as described in Notes 14 and 15) and, accordingly, we do not
express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such correction
and adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. The correction
and adjustments were audited by Forvis Mazars, LLP.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with
the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of
the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

We have served as the Company's auditor from 2004 to 2024.

Mazars USA LLP

/s/ Mazars USA LLP

New York, New York

February 27, 2024

F-5

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated
Balance Sheets

December 31, 2025 , and 2024

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Assets

2025

2024

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$
158,091

$
125,433

Short-term investments

137,093

109,311

Accounts receivable, net

320,625

274,705

Inventories

351,377

371,920

Receivables, other

9,014

6,122

Other current assets  -   As Revised, See Note 1

39,954

38,604

Income taxes receivable

11,211

306

Total current assets

1,027,365

926,401

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net

184,891

153,773

Right-of-use assets, net

23,347

24,603

Trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets, net

325,185

282,484

Deferred tax assets  -   As Revised, See Note 1

4,234

5,465

Other assets

20,226

18,535

Total assets

$
1,585,248

$
1,411,261

Liabilities and Equity

Current liabilities:

Loans payable - banks

$
9,400

$
8,311

Current portion of long-term debt

54,774

41,607

Current portion of lease liabilities

6,326

6,087

Accounts payable - trade

77,210

91,049

Accrued expenses

189,622

172,758

Income taxes payable

6,671

12,615

Total current liabilities

344,003

332,427

Long–term debt, less current portion

121,254

115,734

Lease liabilities, less current portion

15,967

20,455

Equity:

Interparfums, Inc. shareholders’ equity:

Preferred stock, $ 0.001 par value.
Authorized 1,000,000 shares: none issued

—

—

Common stock, $ 0.001 par value.
Authorized 100,000,000 shares: outstanding, 32,067,285 and 32,110,170 shares on December 31, 2025 , and 2024 ,
respectively

32

32

Additional paid-in capital

127,541

106,702

Retained earnings

828,906

763,240

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

( 9,029
)

( 72,239
)

Treasury stock, at cost, 9,032,840 and
9,981,665 common shares on December 31, 2025 , and 2024 , respectively

( 66,734
)

( 52,864
)

Total Interparfums, Inc. shareholders’ equity

880,716

744,871

Noncontrolling interest

223,308

197,774

Total equity

1,104,024

942,645

Total liabilities and equity

$
1,585,248

$
1,411,261

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-6

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated
Statements of Income

Years
ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 , and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

2025

2024

2023

Net sales

$
1,488,509

$
1,452,325

$
1,317,675

Cost of sales

541,290

524,984

478,597

Gross margin

947,219

927,341

839,078

Selling, general and administrative expenses

676,902

648,540

587,696

Impairment loss

—

4,005

—

Income from operations

270,317

274,796

251,382

Other expenses (income):

Interest expense

7,248

7,825

11,253

Loss on foreign currency

4,779

1,085

1,582

Interest and investment income

( 3,877
)

( 2,218
)

( 10,729
)

Other income

( 9,165
)

( 287
)

( 317
)

Nonoperating Income (Expense)

( 1,015
)

6,405

1,789

Income before income taxes

271,332

268,391

249,593

Income taxes

63,187

64,958

61,817

Net income

208,145

203,433

187,776

Less: Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest

39,758

39,075

35,122

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc.

$
168,387

$
164,358

$
152,654

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc. common shareholders:

Basic

$
5.25

$
5.13

$
4.77

Diluted

$
5.24

$
5.12

$
4.75

Weighted average number of shares outstanding:

Basic

32,102,264

32,036,728

31,994,328

Diluted

32,138,197

32,124,285

32,139,702

Dividends declared per share

$
3.20

$
3.00

$
2.50

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-7

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Years ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 , and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

2025

2024

2023

Net income

$
208,145

$
203,433

$
187,776

Other comprehensive income:

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax

1,257

( 2,249
)

( 3,329
)

Transfer of OCI into earnings

1,631

( 64
)

1,709

Pension benefits, net of tax

( 208
)

2,785

—

Foreign currency translation adjustments

86,421

( 42,059
)

24,042

Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax

89,101

( 41,587
)

22,422

Comprehensive income

297,246

161,846

210,198

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests:

Net income

39,758

39,075

35,122

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax

345

( 618
)

25

Pension benefits, net of tax

( 57
)

766

—

Foreign currency translation adjustments

25,603

( 9,684
)

6,529

Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, attributable to noncontrolling interest

65,649

29,539

41,676

Comprehensive income attributable to Interparfums Inc.

$
231,597

$
132,307

$
168,522

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-8

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity

Years ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 , and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

2025

2024

2023

Common stock, beginning and end of year

$
32

$
32

$
32

—

—

—

32

32

32

Additional paid-in capital, beginning of year

106,702

98,565

90,186

Shares issued upon exercise of stock options

7,579

7,049

8,025

Share-based compensation

819

1,039

1,246

Other

( 775
)

—

—

Transfer of subsidiary shares purchased

13,216

49

( 892
)

Additional paid-in capital, end of year

127,541

106,702

98,565

Retained earnings, beginning of year

763,240

693,848

620,095

Net income

168,387

164,358

152,654

Dividends

( 102,721
)

( 96,026
)

( 80,047
)

Share-based compensation

—

1,060

1,146

Retained earnings, end of year

828,906

763,240

693,848

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, beginning of year

( 72,239
)

( 40,188
)

( 56,056
)

Foreign currency translation adjustment

60,818

( 32,375
)

17,513

Transfer from other comprehensive income into earnings

1,631

( 64
)

1,709

Pension benefits, net of tax

( 151
)

2,019

—

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax

912

( 1,631
)

( 3,354
)

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of year

( 9,029
)

( 72,239
)

( 40,188
)

Treasury stock, beginning of year

( 52,864
)

( 52,864
)

( 37,475
)

Shares repurchased

( 13,870
)

—

( 15,389
)

Treasury stock, end of year

( 66,734
)

( 52,864
)

( 52,864
)

Noncontrolling interest, beginning of year

197,774

192,777

171,364

Net income

39,758

39,075

35,122

Foreign currency translation adjustment

25,603

( 9,684
)

6,529

Pension benefits, net of tax

( 57
)

766

—

Net derivative instrument income (loss), net of tax

345

( 618
)

25

Dividends

( 26,875
)

( 24,729
)

( 20,301
)

Share-based compensation

749

236

180

Other

775

—

—

Transfer of subsidiary shares purchased

( 14,764
)

( 49
)

( 142
)

Noncontrolling interest, end of year

223,308

197,774

192,777

788,146

738,332

702,450

187,776

151,037

110,027

Total equity

$
1,104,024

$
942,645

$
892,170

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-9

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Years ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 , and 2023

(In thousands)

2025

2024

2023

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

$
208,145

$
203,433

$
187,776

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization including impairment loss

25,302

28,358

17,331

Provision for doubtful accounts

1,770

618

( 1,734
)

Noncash stock compensation

1,568

2,379

2,525

Share of income of equity investment

( 939
)

( 460
)

( 317
)

Noncash lease expense

6,667

6,271

5,448

Gain on debt extinguishment

( 7,599
)

—

—

Deferred tax benefit - As Revised, See Note 1

1,673

( 2,084
)

( 1,713
)

Change in fair value of derivatives

( 963
)

93

( 301
)

Changes in:

Accounts receivable

( 22,099
)

( 41,281
)

( 36,843
)

Inventories

55,166

( 17,203
)

( 73,700
)

Other assets  - As Revised, See Note 1

3,208

4,156

10,594

Operating lease liabilities

( 6,990
)

( 6,128
)

( 5,290
)

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

( 32,040
)

4,868

3,064

Income taxes, net

( 17,969
)

4,622

( 1,066
)

Net cash provided by operating activities

214,900

187,642

105,774

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of short-term investments

( 162,150
)

( 206,222
)

( 221,111
)

Proceeds from sale of short-term investments

149,204

183,742

281,741

Purchase of property, equipment and leasehold improvements

( 24,414
)

( 4,740
)

( 6,465
)

Payment for intangible assets acquired

( 23,786
)

( 17,612
)

( 46,903
)

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

( 61,146
)

( 44,832
)

7,262

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from loans payable, bank

—

4,330

4,325

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

56,500

43,296

—

Repayment of long-term debt

( 50,320
)

( 34,689
)

( 28,800
)

Proceeds from exercise of options

7,579

7,049

8,025

Purchase of subsidiary shares from noncontrolling interests

( 1,548
)

—

( 1,027
)

Dividends paid

( 102,721
)

( 96,026
)

( 80,047
)

Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests

( 26,875
)

( 24,729
)

( 20,301
)

Purchase of treasury stock

( 13,870
)

—

( 15,389
)

Net cash used in financing activities

( 131,255
)

( 100,769
)

( 133,214
)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

10,159

( 5,070
)

3,927

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

32,658

36,971

( 16,251
)

Cash and cash equivalents – beginning of year

125,433

88,462

104,713

Cash and cash equivalents – end of year

$
158,091

$
125,433

$
88,462

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid for:

Interest

$
6,688

$
7,495

$
5,823

Income taxes

77,711

63,197

60,990

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-10

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

( 1 )
The Company and its Significant Accounting Policies

Business of the Company

Interparfums, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) are in the fragrance business and manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of prestige fragrances and fragrance related products.

Substantially all of our prestige fragrance brands are licensed from unaffiliated third parties, and our business is dependent upon the continuation and renewal of such licenses. With respect to the Company’s largest brands, we license the Jimmy Choo, Coach, Montblanc, GUESS, Lacoste, Donna Karan/DKNY, and Ferragamo brand names. As a percentage of net sales, product sales for the Company’s largest brands were as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Jimmy Choo

17
%

17
%

17
%

Coach

15
%

14
%

15
%

Montblanc

15
%

15
%

17
%

GUESS

12
%

12
%

12
%

Lacoste

7
%

6

—

Donna Karan/DKNY

7
%

7
%

7
%

Ferragamo

4
%

5
%

5
%

Basis of Preparation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, including 72 % owned Interparfums SA, a subsidiary whose stock is publicly traded in France. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Management Estimates

Management makes assumptions and estimates to prepare financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Those assumptions and estimates directly affect the amounts reported and disclosures included in the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from those assumptions and estimates. Significant estimates for which changes in the near term are considered reasonably possible and that may have a material impact on the financial statements are disclosed in these notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Foreign Currency Translation

For foreign subsidiaries with operations denominated in a foreign currency, assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at year-end exchange rates. Income and expense items are translated at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Gains and losses from translation adjustments are accumulated in a separate component of shareholders’ equity.

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

All highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. The Company also has short-term investments which consist of certificates of deposit with maturities greater than three months, marketable equity securities and other contracts. The Company monitors concentrations of credit risk associated with financial institutions with which the Company conducts significant business. The Company believes its credit risk is minimal, as the Company primarily conducts business with large, well-established financial institutions. Substantially all cash and cash equivalents are primarily held at financial institutions outside the United States and are readily convertible into U.S. dollars.

F-11

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable represent payments due to the Company for previously recognized net sales, reduced by allowances for doubtful accounts or balances which are estimated to be uncollectible, which aggregated $ 3.2 million and $ 2.4 million as of December 31, 2025 , and 2024 , respectively. Accounts receivable balances are written-off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when they become uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivable previously recorded against the allowance are recorded in the consolidated statement of income when received. We generally grant credit based upon our analysis of the customer’s financial position, as well as previously established buying patterns.

Inventories

Inventories, including promotional merchandise, only include inventory considered saleable or usable in future periods, and are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with cost being determined on the first-in, first-out method. Cost components include raw materials, direct labor and overhead (e.g., indirect labor, utilities, depreciation, purchasing, receiving, inspection and warehousing) as well as inbound freight. Promotional merchandise is charged to cost of sales at the time the merchandise is shipped to the Company’s customers.

Derivatives

All derivative instruments are recorded as either assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. The Company uses derivative instruments to principally manage a variety of market risks. For derivatives designated as hedges of the exposure to changes in fair value of the recognized asset or liability or a firm commitment (referred to as fair value hedges), the gain or loss is recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The effect of that accounting is to include in earnings the extent to which the hedge is not effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value. For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported in equity (as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss of a cash flow hedge is reported in earnings immediately. The Company also holds certain instruments for economic purposes that are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. For these derivative instruments, changes in their fair value are recorded in earnings immediately.

Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements

Property, equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives for furniture and equipment, which range between three and fifteen years . Depreciation on buildings and leasehold improvements is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful asset lives, which range between seven and fifty years . Depreciation provided on equipment used to produce inventory, such as tools and molds, is included in cost of sales.

Long-Lived Assets

Indefinite-lived intangible assets principally consist of trademarks which are not amortized. The Company evaluates indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when events occur or circumstances change, such as an unexpected decline in sales, that would more-likely-than-not indicate that the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset may not be recoverable. When testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the evaluation requires a comparison of the estimated fair value of the asset to the carrying value of the asset. The fair values used in our evaluations are estimated based upon discounted future cash flow projections using a weighted average cost of capital of 8.34 % and 9.47 % in 2025 and 2024 , respectively. The cash flow projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including future sales levels, future cost of goods and operating expense levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are more subjective in nature. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded.

F-12

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Intangible assets subject to amortization principally consist of licenses and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the license term or estimated economic life, ranging from three to thirty-eight years. Intangible assets subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment testing whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an amortizable intangible asset may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators exist for an amortizable intangible asset, the undiscounted future cash flows associated with the expected service potential of the asset are compared to the carrying value of the asset. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is in excess of the carrying value of the intangible asset, no impairment charge is recorded. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the intangible asset, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the intangible asset to its fair value.

Revenue Recognition

The Company sells its products to department stores, perfumeries, specialty stores and domestic and international wholesalers and distributors. Our revenue contracts represent single performance obligations to sell our products to customers. Sales of such products by our domestic subsidiaries are denominated in U.S. dollars, and sales of such products by our foreign subsidiaries are primarily denominated in either euro or U.S. dollars. Our product revenue is recognized at a point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to customers based on agreed upon shipping terms, which usually occurs upon shipment. Revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods. Net sales are comprised of gross revenues less incentives to customers such as returns, trade discounts and allowances, which give rise to variable consideration. The Company does not bill its customers for freight and handling charges. The Company grants credit to all qualified customers and does not believe it is exposed significantly to any undue concentration of credit risk. Macy's, our top retail customer, accounted for approximately 10 % of net sales in 2025 and  12 % of net sales in  2024   and 2023   respectively.

Sales Returns

Generally, the Company does not permit customers to return their unsold products. However, for U.S. based customers, we allow returns if properly requested, authorized and approved. The Company regularly reviews and revises, as deemed necessary, its estimate of reserves for future sales returns based primarily upon historic trends and relevant current data including information provided by retailers regarding their inventory levels. In addition, as necessary, specific accruals may be established for significant future known or anticipated events. The types of known or anticipated events that we consider include, but are not limited to, the financial condition of our customers, store closings by retailers, changes in the retail environment and our decision to continue to support new and existing products. The Company records its estimate of potential sales returns as a reduction of sales and cost of sales with corresponding entries to accrued expenses, to record the refund liability, and inventory, for the right to recover goods from the customer. The refund liability associated with estimated returns was $ 12.2 million and $ 10.8 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively, and the amounts recognized for the rights to recover products was $ 4.7 million and $ 4.1 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively. The physical condition and marketability of returned products are the major factors we consider in estimating realizable value. Actual returns, as well as estimated realizable values of returned products, may differ significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from our estimates, if factors such as economic conditions, inventory levels or competitive conditions differ from our expectations.

Payments to Customers

The Company records revenues generated from purchase with purchase and gift with purchase promotions as sales and the costs of its purchase with purchase and gift with purchase promotions as cost of sales. Certain other incentive arrangements require the payment of a fee to customers based on their attainment of pre-established sales levels. These fees have been recorded as a reduction of net sales.

F-13

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,  2024  and  2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Advertising and Promotion

Advertising and promotional costs are expensed as incurred and recorded as a component of cost of goods sold (in the case of free goods given to customers) or selling, general and administrative expenses. Advertising and promotional costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses were $ 294.7 million , $ 280.5 million and $ 261.3 million for 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Costs relating to purchase with purchase and gift with purchase promotions that are reflected in cost of sales aggregated $ 54.6 million , $ 61.5 million and $ 52.3 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

Package Development Costs

Package development costs associated with new products and redesigns of existing product packaging are expensed as incurred.

Operating Leases

The Company leases its offices and warehouses, vehicles, and certain office equipment, substantially all of which are classified as operating leases. The Company currently has no material financing leases. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets and obligations are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.

License Agreements

The Company’s license agreements generally provide the Company with worldwide rights to manufacture, market and sell prestige fragrances and fragrance related products using the licensors’ trademarks. The licenses typically have an initial term of approximately 5 to 15 years and are potentially renewable subject to the Company’s compliance with the license agreement provisions. The remaining terms, excluding potential renewal periods, range from approximately 1 to 23  years. Under each license, the Company is required to pay royalties in the range of 6 % to 11 % to the licensor, at least annually, based on net sales to third parties.

In certain cases, the Company may pay an entry fee to acquire, or enter into, a license where the licensor or another licensee was operating a pre-existing fragrance business. In those cases, the entry fee is capitalized as an intangible asset and amortized over its useful life.

Most license agreements require minimum royalty payments, incremental royalties based on net sales levels and minimum spending on advertising and promotional activities. Royalty expenses are accrued in the period in which net sales are recognized while advertising and promotional expenses are accrued at the time these costs are incurred.

In addition, the Company is exposed to certain concentration risk. Most of our prestige fragrance brands are licensed from unaffiliated third parties, and our business is dependent upon the continuation and renewal of such licenses.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in its financial statements or tax returns. The net deferred tax assets assume sufficient future earnings for their realization, as well as the continued application of currently enacted tax rates. Included in net deferred tax assets is a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, where management believes it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in the relevant jurisdiction. If the Company determines that a deferred tax asset will not be realizable, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset will result in a reduction of net earnings at that time. Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax asset or liability in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

F-14

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Issuance of Common Stock by Consolidated Subsidiary

The difference between the Company’s share of the proceeds received by the subsidiary and the carrying amount of the portion of the Company’s investment deemed sold, is reflected as an equity adjustment in the consolidated balance sheets.

Treasury Stock

The Board of Directors has authorized share repurchases of the Company’s common stock (Share Repurchase Authorizations). Share repurchases under Share Repurchase Authorizations are made through open market transactions, negotiated purchase or otherwise, at times and in such amounts within the parameters authorized by the Board. Shares repurchased under Share Repurchase Authorizations are held in treasury for general corporate purposes, including issuances under various employee stock option plans. Treasury shares are accounted for under the cost method and reported as a reduction of equity. Share Repurchase Authorizations may be suspended, limited or terminated at any time without notice.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)   issued A ccounting Standards Update (" ASU") No.   2023 - 09 , Income Taxes (Topic   740 ): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The ASU includes amendments requiring enhanced income tax disclosures, primarily related to standardization and disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted and shall be applied on a prospective basis with the option to apply retrospectively. The Company adopted the ASU as of December 31, 2025 and applied its provisions prospectively (See Note 15).

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024 - 03 , Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40 ): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025 - 01 , Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220 - 40 ): Clarifying the Effective Date, which clarified the effective date of ASU 2024 - 04 . The ASU requires, among other things, more detailed disclosures about types of expenses in commonly presented expense captions such as cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses and is intended to improve the disclosures about an entity's expenses  including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization. ASU 2024 - 03 will also require the Company to disclose both the amount and the Company's definition of selling expenses. The guidance, as clarified by ASU 2025 - 01 , is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, on a prospective or retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on our disclosures.

In November 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025‑09, Derivatives and
Hedging (Topic 815): Hedge Accounting Improvements. The guidance makes
targeted amendments to the hedge accounting model to better align the
accounting with an entity’s risk management activities and to clarify the
application of certain hedge accounting requirements.  The amendments are effective for the Company for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2026, including interim periods, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting
this guidance on its hedge accounting policies and disclosures; however, the
Company does not expect adoption to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

There are no other recent accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted that would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

Reclassifications

Certain prior year amounts in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation.

F-15

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,   2024   and   2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Correction of Immaterial Misstatements in Prior Period Financial Statements

During the year ended December 31, 2025 , management identified a misclassification in the presentation of deferred tax asset within the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in the Company's previously issued consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Specifically, certain amounts previously presented in Deferred tax asset should have been presented in Other current assets as prepaid tax.

The Company evaluated the misclassification under ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, and considered both quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing materiality, including the guidance in  Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 99 , Materiality, and SAB No. 108 , Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements. Management concluded that misclassification was not material to any of the Company's previously issued consolidated financial statements for the affected periods. However, management further concluded that revising the affected prior-period presentation in the current period is appropriate to ensure comparability.

As a result, the Company has revised the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024 and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the periods ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. The revision impacted only the presentation within the consolidated financial statements and did not impact the Company's previously reported net income, income from operations, total operating, investing, or financing cash flows, total assets, total liabilities, or stockholders' equity for the period presented.

The following table presents a summary of the effect of correcting this error on the Company's previously issued financial statements:

For the Year Ended December 31, 2024

Consolidated Balance Sheet

As previously reported

Adjustment

As revised

(in thousands)

Other current assets

27,035

11,569

38,604

Total current assets

914,832

11,569

926,401

Deferred tax assets

17,034

( 11,569
)

5,465

The Company revised the Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 to reflect the reduction in adjustments to reconcile net income for Deferred tax benefit and the reduction of cash inflows related to Other assets in the amounts of $ 1.3 million, respectively. The revisions did not impact the total cash flows or total net cash provided by operating activities for either period.

Amounts within Note 15 - Income Taxes were also revised to correct the previously presented Effect of inventory profit elimination and net deferred tax assets for the year ended December 31, 2024.

F-16

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025,  2024  and  2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

( 2 )
Recent Agreements

Nautica

In January 2026, we entered into a 20 -year license agreement for Nautica brand fragrances and fragrance related products, a subsidiary of the Authentic Brands Group. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry.

David Beckham

In January 2026, we entered into a 20 -year license agreement for David Beckham brand fragrances and fragrance related products, a subsidiary of the Authentic Brands Group. This license will become effective on the earlier of April 1, 2028 or the termination of the existing license agreement.  Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry.

GUESS

In  2018 , GUESS?, Inc. and the Company signed an exclusive worldwide license agreement for the creation, the manufacturing and the distribution of fragrances under the GUESS brand until December 31, 2033 . In December 2025, the license agreement was renewed for an additional   15 years,  extending the license through   December 31, 2048 .

Longchamp

In July 2025, we announced that our 72 % owned French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, signed an exclusive license agreement with Longchamp, a Parisian Maison, through December 31, 2036 . Interparfums SA will be responsible for the creation, development, production and distribution of fragrance lines in Longchamp-brand points of sale and selective distribution channels. The first launch is expected in 2027 . Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry.

Goutal

In March 2025, we announced that our 72 % owned French subsidiary, Interparfums SA, acquired all intellectual property rights relating to Goutal Paris held by Amorepacific Europe. Amorepacific Europe operated the Goutal brand under an existing license agreement that expired on December 31, 2025 , and Interparfums SA began commercial use of the fragrance brand on January 1, 2026.

Coach

In 2015 , Coach and Interparfums SA signed an exclusive worldwide license agreement for the creation, the manufacturing and the distribution of fragrances under the Coach brand until June 30, 2026. In March 2025, the license agreement was renewed for an additional 5 -year term, extending the license through June 30, 2031 .

F-17

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025,  2024  and  2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister

In March 2025, we expanded our Fierce distribution agreement, which now allows for global distribution of the iconic Fierce fragrance line that either party may terminate on two years ’ notice. Furthermore, our existing Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister fragrance license agreement will expire on March 14, 2028 . The goal of the updated Fierce distribution agreement is to drive, over time, more consistency between the products that are carried in the Abercrombie & Fitch stores and unaffiliated retailers.

Off-White

In December 2024, we announced that our   72 % owned French subsidiary,   Interparfums SA, signed for all Off-White brand names and registered trademarks for Class 3 fragrance and cosmetic products, subject to an existing license that expires on December 31, 2025 , when   Interparfums   SA will begin commercial use of the fragrance brand.

Van Cleef & Arpels

In 2006 , Van Cleef & Arpels and Interparfums SA signed a 12 -year worldwide license agreement to manufacture and distribute perfumes and related products under the Van Cleef & Arpels brand name, which was subsequently extended for a further six years until December 31, 2024. In December 2024, the license agreement was renewed for an additional 9 -year term, through December 31, 2033 .

Roberto Cavalli

In July 2023, we closed a transaction agreement with Roberto Cavalli, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production and distribution of Roberto Cavalli brand perfumes and fragrance related products. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license became effective in July 2023 and will last for 6.5 years.  We began shipping Roberto Cavalli perfumes and fragrance related products in February 2024.

Lacoste

In December 2022, we closed a transaction agreement with Lacoste, whereby an exclusive and worldwide license was granted for the production and distribution of Lacoste brand perfumes and cosmetics. Our rights under this license are subject to certain minimum advertising expenditures and royalty payments as are customary in our industry. The license became effective in January 2024 and will last for 15 years.  We began shipping Lacoste  fragrances in January 2024.

Dunhill

The Dunhill fragrance license expired on September 30, 2023 and was not renewed. The Company had a  twelve -month sell-off period during which it maintained the right to sell-off remaining Dunhill fragrance inventory, which is customary in the fragrance industry. As of September 30, 2024, all finished goods and components were sold and we no longer carry any inventory related to Dunhill.

F-18

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,   2024   and   2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Rochas Fashion

As a result of operational challenges faced by the Rochas Fashion business we took a $ 2.4 million impairment charge on our Rochas fashion trademark in the first quarter of 2021 and a $ 6.8 million impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2022  after an independent expert concluded that the valuation of the trademark was $ 11.2 million. In 2023 , the Rochas teams underwent a strategic shift to take over their own brand operations, exiting contracts with manufacturers and distributors to make this new structure operational beginning in 2024 . In the fourth quarter of 2024 , we again took a $ 4.0 million impairment charge on the Rochas fashion trademark after management reviewed and agreed with an independent expert's conclusion that the valuation of the trademark was $ 7.2 million. There were no impairment charges taken in 2025 or 2023 .

(3)
Inventories

Inventories consist of the following:

(In thousands)

December 31, 2025

December 31, 2024

Raw materials and component parts

$
129,706

$
137,572

Finished goods

221,671

234,348

$
351,377

$
371,920

Overhead included in inventory aggregated $ 6.5 million and $ 6.1 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively. Included in inventories is an inventory reserve, which represents the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value, based upon sales forecasts and the physical condition of the inventories. In addition, and as necessary, specific reserves for future known or anticipated events may be established. Inventory reserves aggregated $ 24.9 million and $ 18.4 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively.

F-19

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,  2024  and  2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

(4)
Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The following tables present our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value.

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2025

Quoted Prices in

Significant Other

Significant

Active Markets for

Observable

Unobservable

Identical Assets

Inputs

Inputs

Total

(Level 1 )

(Level 2 )

(Level 3 )

Assets:

Short-term investments

$
137,093

$
3,801

$
133,292

$
—

Interest rate swaps

1,597

—

1,597

—

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts not accounted for using hedge accounting

498

—

498

—

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts accounted for using hedge accounting

169

—

169

—

Total Assets

$
139,357

$
3,801

$
135,556

$
—

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2024

Quoted Prices in

Significant Other

Significant

Active Markets for

Observable

Unobservable

Identical Assets

Inputs

Inputs

Total

(Level 1 )

(Level 2 )

(Level 3 )

Assets:

Short-term investments

$
109,311

$
7,703

$
101,608

$
—

Interest rate swaps

1,967

—

1,967

—

Total Assets

$
111,278

$
7,703

$
103,575

$
—

Liabilities:

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts not accounted for using hedge accounting

445

—

445

—

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts accounted for using hedge accounting

1,435

—

1,435

—

Total Liabilities  Total Assets

$
1,880

$
—

$
1,880

$
—

F-20

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents including money market funds, short-term investments including marketable equity securities, accounts receivable, other receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the short terms to maturity of these instruments. The carrying amount of loans payable approximates fair value as the interest rates on the Company’s indebtedness approximate current market rates. The fair value of the Company’s long-term debt was estimated based on the current rates offered to companies for debt with the same remaining maturities and is approximately equal to its carrying value.

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts are valued based on quotations from financial institutions and the value of interest rate swaps is the discounted net present value of the swaps using third party quotes from financial institutions.

(5)
Derivative Financial Instruments

The Company enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge exposure related to receivables denominated in a foreign currency and occasionally to manage risks related to future sales expected to be denominated in a foreign currency. Before entering into a derivative transaction for hedging purposes, it is determined that a high degree of initial effectiveness exists between the change in value of the hedged item and the change in the value of the derivative instrument from movement in exchange rates. High effectiveness means that the change in the cash flows of the derivative instrument will effectively offset the change in the cash flows of the hedged item. The effectiveness of each hedged item is measured throughout the hedged period and is based on the dollar offset methodology and excludes the portion of the fair value of the foreign currency forward exchange contract attributable to the change in spot-forward difference which is reported in current period earnings. Any hedge ineffectiveness is also recognized as a gain or loss on foreign currency in the income statement. For hedge contracts that are no longer deemed highly effective, hedge accounting is discontinued, and gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to earnings. If it is probable that the forecasted transaction will no longer occur, then any gains or losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to current-period earnings.

In December 2022, to finance the acquisition of the Lacoste trademark, the Company entered into a € 50 million (approximately $ 58.8 million ) 4 -year term loan with a variable interest rate. This variable rate debt was swapped for variable interest rate debt with a maximum rate of 2 % per annum. This swap is a hedged derivative instrument and is therefore recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are reflected in other comprehensive income.

In connection with the April 2021 acquisition of the office building complex in Paris, € 120 million (approximately $ 141.0 million) of the purchase price was financed through a 10 -year term loan. The Company entered into interest rate swap contracts related to € 80 million of the loan, effectively exchanging the variable interest rate to a fixed rate of approximately 1.1 %. This derivative instrument is recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Gains and losses in derivatives designated as hedges are accumulated in other comprehensive income (loss) and gains and losses in derivatives not designated as hedges are included in (gain) loss on foreign currency on the accompanying income statements. Such gains and losses were immaterial in each of the years in the three -year period ended December 31, 2025 .

All derivative instruments are reported as either assets or liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet measured at fair value. The valuation of interest rate swaps is included in long-term debt on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The valuation of foreign currency forward exchange contracts at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , resulted in an asset and is included in other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

At   December 31, 2025 , the Company had foreign currency contracts in the form of forward exchange contracts with notional amounts of approximately U.S. $ 64  million which all have maturities of less than   one year .

F-21

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

(6)
Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements

December 31,

2025

2024

Land and Building (construction in progress)

$
161,081

$
147,786

Equipment

92,315

59,800

Leasehold improvements

10,462

8,456

263,858

216,042

Less accumulated depreciation

78,967

62,269

$
184,891

$
153,773

Depreciation expense was $ 10.9 million , $ 10.4 million and $ 9.8 million in 2025 , 2024 , and 2023 , respectively.

Land and building includes construction in progress in the amount $ 25.2 million and $ 10.5 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

(7)
Trademarks, Licenses and Other Intangible Assets

2025

Gross

Accumulated

Net Book

Amount

Amortization

Value

Trademarks (indefinite lives)

$
153,502

$
—

$
153,502

Trademarks (finite lives)

46,068

678

45,390

Licenses (finite lives)

224,001

100,918

123,083

Other intangible assets (finite lives)

24,062

20,852

3,210

Subtotal

294,131

122,448

171,683

Total

$
447,633

$
122,448

$
325,185

2024

Gross

Accumulated

Net Book

Amount

Amortization

Value

Trademarks (indefinite lives)

$
116,187

$
—

$
116,187

Trademarks (finite lives)

40,732

599

40,133

Licenses (finite lives)

202,852

79,800

123,052

Other intangible assets (finite lives)

20,238

17,126

3,112

Subtotal

263,822

97,525

166,297

Total

$
380,009

$
97,525

$
282,484

F-22

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Amortization expense was $ 14.4 million , $ 13.6 million and $ 7.5 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Amortization expense is expected to approximate $ 12.2 million in 2026, $ 12.0 million in 2027, $ 11.3 million in 2028, $ 10.8 million in 2029 , and $ 10.4 million in 2030. The weighted average amortization period for trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets with finite lives are 18  years, 15.5 years and 2.5 years, respectively, and 14.8 years on average.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the majority of the change in gross amount of trademarks with indefinite lives was related to the acquisition of all intellectual property rights of Goutal Paris in March 2025.

The Company reviews intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. There was an impairment charge for trademarks with indefinite useful lives of $ 4.0 million in  2024 , relating to our Rochas fashion business. There were  no impairment charges for trademarks with indefinite useful lives in 2025 and 2023 . The fair values used in our evaluations are estimated based upon discounted future cash flow projections using a weighted average cost of capital of 8.34 %, 9.47 %, and 10.39 % as of December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The cash flow projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including future sales levels and future cost of goods and operating expense levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are more subjective in nature. The Company believes that the assumptions it has made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations described above are reasonable and currently no other impairment indicators exist for our indefinite-lived assets. However, if future actual results do not meet our expectations, the Company may be required to record an impairment charge, the amount of which could be material to our results of operations.

The cost of trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets with finite lives is being amortized by the straight-line method over the term of the respective license or the intangible assets estimated useful life which range from three to thirty years . If the residual value of a finite life intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, then the asset is not amortized. The Company reviews intangible assets with finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

Trademarks (finite lives) primarily represent Lanvin brand names and trademarks. In connection with their purchase, Lanvin was granted the right to repurchase the brand names and trademarks on July 1, 2027 for € 70 million (approximately $ 82.3 million), representing the residual value, in accordance with an amendment signed in 2021 . Because the residual value of the intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, the asset is not being amortized.

(8)
Accrued Expenses

Accrued expenses consist of the following:

December 31,

2025

2024

Advertising liabilities

$
71,463

$
66,248

Salary (including bonus and related taxes)

27,387

26,743

Royalties

29,343

27,206

Due vendors (not yet invoiced)

34,108

24,027

Retirement reserves

5,973

5,012

Refund (return) liability

12,166

10,826

Other

9,182

12,696

$
189,622

$
172,758

F-23

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,   2024   and   2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

(9)
Loans Payable – Banks

In
May 2025, the Company and its domestic subsidiaries entered into a € 30
million senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which bears interest at the Euribor plus a margin of 1.65 %. The line of credit which has a maturity date of April 18, 2026 , is expected to be renewed on an annual basis. The company took out an advance on this line of credit in May 2025 of € 30 million and repaid the amount in full in September 2025. The interest on this borrowing was 3.52 %.

The Company and its domestic subsidiaries have available a $ 25  million unsecured revolving line of credit due on demand, which bears interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus 1.75 % (the SOFR was 3.87 % as of  December 31, 2025 ). The line of credit which has a maturity date of April 30, 2026 , is expected to be renewed on an annual basis.

The Company and its domestic subsidiaries have available a $ 20 million unsecured revolving line of credit due on demand, which bears interest at the SOFR  plus a margin (the SOFR was 3.87 % as of  December 31, 2025 ). The line of credit, which has a maturity date of  December 31, 2025 , is expected to be renewed on an annual basis.

Borrowings outstanding pursuant to all lines of credit were zero as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 .

The Company’s foreign subsidiaries have available credit lines totaling approximately $ 9.4 million (€ 8 million) provided by a consortium of international financial institutions. These credit lines bear interest at the three-month Euribor  rate plus 1.65 % ( Three-Month Euribor  was 2.03 % at December 31, 2025 ). Borrowings outstanding pursuant to lines of credit were $ 9.4 million and $ 8.3 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 .

The weighted average interest rate on these short-term borrowings was 5.2 % as of  December 31, 2025 and 2024 .

(10)
Long-Term Debt

Long-term debt consists of the following:

December 31,

2025

2024

$ 35.3   million (€ 30 million) payable in 72   monthly   installments of approximately $ 0.5   million each beginning in June 2025 , bearing interest at   one-month Euribor  plus 0.88 %

31,819

-

$ 23.5  million (€ 20 million) payable in 72    monthly   installments of approximately $ 0.3   million each beginning in June 2025 , bearing interest at 3.0 % per annum

21,401

-

$ 47.0   million (€ 40 million) payable in 36   monthly installments of approximately $ 1.3   million each beginning in August 2024, bearing interest at 4.03 % per annum

$
25,525

$
36,087

$ 58.8 million (€ 50 million) payable in 48 equal monthly installments of $ 1.2 million beginning in December 2022, bearing interest at one-month Euribor  plus 0.825 %

13,463

25,052

$ 141.0 million  (€ 120 million) payable in 120 equal monthly installments of $ 1.2 million beginning in April 2021, bearing interest at one-month Euribor  plus 0.75 %

73,731

77,481

$ 15.0  million payable in 14 equal annual installments of $ 1.1 million beginning in January 2020 including interest imputed at 4.1 % per annum

—

8,416

$ 17.6 million payable  (€ 15 million) in 10 equal annual installments of $ 1.8 million beginning in October 2021 including interest imputed at 2.0 % per annum

10,089

10,305

176,028

157,341

Less current maturities

54,774

41,607

Total

$
121,254

$
115,734

F-24

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,   2024   and   2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

In December 2025, the Company entered into an amendment with a Licensor that released the Company from its obligations to make further installment payments on the $ 15.0 million payable. A gain of $ 7.6 million was recorded within Other income on the consolidated statement of income related to this debt extinguishment.

In June 2025, the Company entered into a $ 35.3 million ( € 30  million) three -year loan agreement. The loan agreement bears interest at a variable rate of  one-month Euribor  plus a margin of 0.88 %.

In June 2025, the Company entered into a $ 23.5 million ( € 20  million) three -year loan agreement. The loan agreement bears interest at 3.0 % per annum.

In July 2024, the Company entered into a $ 47.0   million (€ 40   million) three -year loan agreement.   The loan agreement bears interest at 4.03 % per annum .

In December 2022, to finance Interparfums SA’s acquisition of the Lacoste trademark, the Company entered into a $ 58.8 million (€ 50 million) four -year loan agreement. The loan agreement bears interest at one-month Euribor  rates plus a margin of 0.825 %. This variable rate debt was swapped for variable interest rate debt with a maximum rate of 2 % per annum. The swap is a derivative instrument and is therefore recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

In April 2021, to finance the acquisition of Interparfums SA’s corporate headquarters, the Company entered into a $ 141.0 million (€ 120 million) ten -year credit agreement. Approximately $ 94 million (€ 80.0 million) of the variable rate debt was swapped for variable interest rate debt with maximum rate of 2 % per annum. The swap is a derivative instrument and is therefore recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Maturities of long-term debt subsequent to December 31, 2025 are approximately $ 54.8 million in 2026 , $ 35.1 million in 2027 , $ 25.6 million in 2028 , $ 25.7 million in 2029 , $ 24.4 million in 2030 , and $ 10.5 million thereafter through 2033 .

(11)
Commitments

Leases

The Company leases offices, warehouses and vehicles, substantially all of which are classified as operating leases. The Company currently has no material financing leases. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating lease assets and obligations are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.

In determining lease asset value, the Company considers fixed or variable payment terms, prepayments, incentives, and options to extend or terminate, depending on the lease. Renewal, termination or purchase options affect the lease term used for determining lease asset value only if the option is reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company generally uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the lease commencement date for the location in which the lease is held in determining the present value of lease payments.

As of December 31, 2025 , the weighted average remaining lease term was 3.5  years and the weighted average discount rate used to determine the operating lease liability was 3.2 %. Rental expense related to operating leases was $ 7.1 million , $ 6.5 million , and $ 5.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Operating lease payments included in operating cash flows totaled $ 7.0 million , $ 6.1 million , and $ 5.3 million in 2025 , 2024 , and 2023 , respectively. Noncash additions to operating lease assets totaled $ 0.8 million , $ 2.5 million , and $ 4.8 million in 2025 , 2024 , and 2023 , respectively.

F-25

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,   2024   and   2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Maturities of lease liabilities subsequent to December 31, 2025 are as follows:

(In thousands)

2026

$
6,512

2027

6,392

2028

5,727

2029

3,700

2030

128

Thereafter

415

22,874

Less imputed interest (based on 3.2 % weighted-average discount rate)

( 581
)

$
22,293

License Agreements

The Company is party to a number of licenses and other agreements for the use of trademarks and rights in connection with the manufacture and sale of its products expiring at various dates through 2038. In connection with certain of these license agreements, the Company is subject to minimum annual advertising commitments, minimum annual royalties and other commitments as follows:

(In thousands)

2026

$
378,484

2027

355,078

2028

338,869

2029

320,429

2030

275,121

Thereafter

1,308,933

$
2,976,914

Future advertising commitments are estimated based on planned future sales for the license terms that were in effect at December 31, 2025 , without consideration for potential renewal periods. The above figures do not reflect the fact that our distributors share our advertising obligations. Royalty expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses, aggregated $ 121.7 million , $ 117.8 million and $ 103.8 million  in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively, and represented 8.2 %, 8.1 % and 7.9 % of net sales for the years ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

F-26

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025,  2024  and  2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

(12)
Equity

Share-Based Payments

The Company maintains a stock option program for key employees, executives and directors. The plans, all of which have been approved by shareholder vote, provide for the granting of both nonqualified and incentive options. Options granted under the plans typically have a six -year term and vest over a four to five -year period. The fair value of shares vested aggregated $ 0.8   million , $ 1.2  million   and $ 1.2  million   in   2025 ,   2024   and   2023 , respectively. Compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Forfeitures are estimated based on historic trends. It is generally the Company’s policy to issue new shares upon exercise of stock options.

The following table sets forth information with respect to nonvested options for 2025 :

Number of Shares

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value

Nonvested options – beginning of year

118,650

$
30.02

Nonvested options granted

50,500

$
20.51

Nonvested options vested or forfeited

( 37,550
)

$
28.40

Nonvested options – end of year

131,600

$
26.83

The effect of share-based payment expenses decreased income statement line items as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Income before income taxes

$
1,568

$
2,379

$
2,525

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc.

1,071

1,565

1,700

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Interparfums, Inc.

0.03

0.05

0.05

F-27

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025,  2024  and  2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

The following table summarizes stock option activity and related information for the years ended December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 :

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Options

Weighted Average Exercise Price

Options

Weighted Average Exercise Price

Options

Weighted Average Exercise Price

Shares under option -beginning of year

248,430

$
103.00

308,970

$
86.52

441,580

$
67.30

Options granted

50,500

84.64

47,250

130.60

47,500

147.71

Options exercised

( 102,240
)

74.13

( 105,510
)

66.83

( 154,220
)

52.04

Options forfeited

( 9,640
)

125.23

( 2,280
)

115.59

( 25,890
)

76.32

Shares under option - end of year

187,050

112.67

248,430

103.00

308,970

86.52

At December 31, 2025 , options for 410,380 shares were available for future grant under the plans. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding is $ 0.1 million as of December 31, 2025 and unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options outstanding aggregated $ 3.3 million , which will be recognized over the next five years .

The weighted average fair values of options granted by Interparfums, Inc. during 2025 , 2024 and 2023 were $ 20.51 , $ 33.31 and $ 35.08 per share, respectively, on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value.

The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes pricing model are set forth in the following table:

Year Ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Weighted average expected stock-price volatility

31
%

30
%

29
%

Weighted average expected option life

4.3 years

4.4 years

4.0 years

Weighted average risk-free interest rate

3.7
%

4.4
%

3.8
%

Weighted average dividend yield

2.7
%

2.3
%

2.0
%

Expected volatility is estimated based on historic volatility of the Company’s common stock. The expected term of the option is estimated based on historic data. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant of the option and the dividend yield reflects the assumption that the dividend payout as authorized by the Board of Directors would maintain its current payout ratio as a percentage of earnings.

Proceeds, tax benefits and intrinsic value related to stock options exercised were as follows:

Year Ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Proceeds from stock options exercised

$
7,579

$
7,049

$
8,025

Tax benefits

$
23

$
673

$
1,150

Intrinsic value of stock options exercised

$
2,392

$
7,052

$
11,578

F-28

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

The following table summarizes additional stock option information as of December 31, 2025 :

Exercise prices

Options

outstanding

Options outstanding

weighted average remaining contractual life

Options

exercisable

$ 62.18 - $ 69.11

4,500

0.08 years

4,500

$ 97.84

44,300

1.99 years

24,900

$ 147.71

42,500

2.99 years

17,000

$ 130.60

45,250

4.00  years

9,050

$ 84.64

50,500

5.00 years

—

Totals

187,050

3.47 years

55,450

As of December 31, 2025 , the weighted average exercise price of options exercisable was $ 115.58 and the weighted average remaining contractual life of options exercisable is 2.5  years. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable at December 31, 2025 is $ 0.1 million .

In March 2022, Interparfums SA, our 72 % owned French subsidiary, approved a plan to grant an aggregate of 88,400 shares to all Interparfums SA employees and corporate officers having more than six months  of employment at grant date, subject to certain corporate performance conditions. The corporate performance conditions were met and therefore in June 2025, 106,046 shares, adjusted for stock splits, were distributed.

The fair value of the grant had been determined based on the quoted stock price of Interparfums SA shares as reported by the Euronext on the date of grant. The aggregate cost of the grant of approximately $ 4.2 million  was recognized as compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite three and a quarter year service period.

In order to avoid dilution of the Company’s ownership of Interparfums SA, all shares distributed or to be distributed pursuant to this plan were pre-existing shares of Interparfums SA, purchased in the open market by Interparfums SA. As of  December 31, 2025 , the Company had acquired 106,046 shares at an aggregate cost of $ 4.5 million.

In December 2025, Interparfums SA, approved a new performance-based free share plan to grant an aggregate of 137,900 shares to all Interparfums  SA employees and corporate officers who are employed as of the final vesting date of March 1, 2029, subject to certain corporate performance conditions. The fair value of the grant was determined based on the quoted stock price of Interparfums SA shares as reported by the Euronext on the date of the grant, adjusted for expected dividends over the vesting period and for performance conditions. Based on the expected retention rate and probability of achieving performance conditions, the total estimated expense for the plan is approximately $ 2.3 million (€ 2 million), recognized on a straight-line basis over the 3.25 year vesting period.  In order to avoid dilution of the Company’s ownership of   Interparfums   SA, all shares to be distributed pursuant to this plan will be pre-existing shares of   Interparfums   SA, purchased in the open market by   Interparfums   SA. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has not acquired any shares.

All share purchases and issuances have been classified as equity transactions on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

Treasury Stock

In December 2022 and continuing through 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for our outstanding common stock up to 166,060 shares. In February 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the Company to continue repurchasing up to 130,000 shares throughout 2024 and in February 2025, our Board of Directors again authorized the company to continue repurchasing up to 130,000 shares throughout 2025, which was increased to 260,000 shares in April 2025.

During 2025, the Company repurchased 145,125 shares at a cost of $ 13.9 million and during 2023, the Company repurchased 116,860 shares at a cost of $ 15.4 million. No shares were repurchased during 2024. These shares are classified as treasury stock on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

F-29

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025,  2024  and  2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

During 2025, the cancellation of 1,093,950 of outstanding shares that were classified as treasury stock with $ 0 value was authorized by our Board of Directors on April 2, 2025 and by our shareholders at our 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 9, 2025. The shares were cancelled on September 18, 2025 when the Certificate of Amendment was filed in Delaware. As a result of the cancellation, these shares were removed from the number of treasury stock common shares as of December 31, 2025 on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

Dividends

In February 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an annual dividend to $ 2.50 per share and in February 2024, our Board of Directors increased the annual dividend to $ 3.00 per share. In February 2025, our Board of Directors further increased the annual dividend to $ 3.20 per share, and in 2026 our Board of Directors maintained the annual dividend at $ 3.20 per share. The next quarterly cash dividend of $ 0.80 per share is payable on March 31, 2026  to shareholders of record on March 16, 2026 .

( 13 )
Net Income Attributable to Interparfums, Inc. Common Shareholders

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc. per common share (“basic EPS”) is computed by dividing net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc. by the weighted average number of shares outstanding. Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc. per share assuming dilution (“diluted EPS”), is computed using the weighted average number of shares outstanding, plus the incremental shares outstanding assuming the exercise of dilutive stock options using the treasury stock method.

The reconciliation between the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted EPS computations is as follows:

Year ended December 31,

(In thousands except share and per share data)

2025

2024

2023

Numerator:

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc.

$
168,387

$
164,358

$
152,654

Denominator:

Weighted average shares

32,102,264

32,036,728

31,994,328

Effect of dilutive securities:

Stock options

35,933

87,557

145,374

Denominator for diluted earnings per share

32,138,197

32,124,285

32,139,702

Earnings per share:

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc.

common shareholders:

Basic

$
5.25

$
5.13

$
4.77

Diluted

5.24

5.12

4.75

Not included in the above computations is the effect of anti-dilutive potential common shares, which consist of outstanding options to purchase 0.1 million , 0.05 million , and nil shares of common stock for 2025 , 2024 , and 2023 , respectively.

F-30

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

( 14 )
Segments and Geographic Areas

Operating and reportable segments ("segments") reflect the way the Company is managed and for which separate financial information is available and evaluated regularly by the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company's CODM is the founders of Interparfums, Inc. which includes the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Interparfums, Inc. and the President of Interparfums, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA. The Company manufactures and distributes one product line, fragrances and fragrance related products. The Company manages its business in two segments, European based operations and United States based operations. The European based operations, assets and business operations are primarily conducted in France, and include the results and assets of Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc., located in the United States. For United States based operations, assets and business operations are primarily conducted in the United States, and include the results and assets of Interparfums Italia Srl, located in Italy. Both European based operations and United States based operations primarily represent the sale of prestige brand name fragrances.

The accounting policies for the Company's reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources based on gross margin and income from operations. Segment gross margin and segment income from operations include intersegment revenues and expenses. For both segments, the CODM used these measures in the annual budgeting and forecasting process. The CODM considers budget-to-actual variances on a quarterly basis for both profit measures when making decisions about allocating capital and personnel to the segments and in determining the compensation of employees. The CODM also uses segment gross margin for evaluating product pricing, customer and product mix, cost optimization, and marketing strategies and used segment income from operations to assess the performance and relative profitability of each segment by comparing the results of each segment with one another.

Information on the Company’s operations by segments is as follows:

Year ended December 31, 2025

United States

based operations

European

based operations

Total

Net sales

$
482,416

$
1,016,303

$
1,498,719

Eliminations (a)

—

( 10,210
)

( 10,210
)

482,416

1,006,093

1,488,509

Less: (b)

Cost of sales

200,927

344,470

Eliminations (a)

—

( 4,107
)

Segment gross margin

281,489

665,730

947,219

Less: (b)

Advertising and Promotion

75,393

219,261

Employee related costs

51,642

77,328

Royalties

36,007

85,732

Other segment items (c)

39,497

92,042

Segment income from operations

$
78,950

$
191,367

$
270,317

Reconciliation:

Interest expense

7,248

Loss on foreign currency

4,779

Interest and investment income

( 3,877
)

Other income

( 9,165
)

Income before income taxes

$
271,332

F-31

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

Year ended December 31, 2024

United States

based operations

European

based operations

Total

Net sales

$
511,307

$
953,046

$
1,464,353

Eliminations (a)

—

( 12,028
)

( 12,028
)

511,307

941,018

1,452,325

Less: (b)

Cost of sales

215,207

314,465

Eliminations (a)

—

( 4,688
)

Segment gross margin

296,100

631,241

927,341

Less: (b)

Advertising and Promotion

79,479

$
201,065

Employee related costs

51,318

74,071

Royalties

37,081

80,711

Other segment items (c)

39,048

89,772

Segment income from operations

$
89,174

$
185,622

$
274,796

Reconciliation:

Interest expense

7,825

Loss on foreign currency

1,085

Interest and investment income

( 2,218
)

Other income

( 287
)

Income before income taxes

$
268,391

Year ended December 31, 2023

United States

based operations

European

based operations

Total

Net sales

$
455,758

$
863,397

$
1,319,155

Eliminations (a)

—

( 1,480
)

( 1,480
)

455,758

861,917

1,317,675

Less: (b)

Cost of sales

195,973

282,624

Segment gross margin

259,785

579,293

839,078

Less: (b)

Advertising and Promotion

70,033

191,253

Employee related costs

45,880

70,473

Royalties

32,573

71,214

Other segment items (c)

32,622

73,648

Segment income from operations

$
78,677

$
172,705

$
251,382

Reconciliation:

Interest expense

11,253

Loss on foreign currency

1,582

Interest and investment income

( 10,729
)

Other income

( 317
)

Income before income taxes

$
249,593

F-32

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

(a)
Eliminations of intercompany sales relate to European based operations products sold to United States based operations.

(b)
The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.

(c)
Other segment items for each reportable segment include expenses for professional services, travel & entertainment, rent, warehousing, shipping, depreciation & amortization, and other selling, general and administrative costs.

Other segment disclosures:

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Net income attributable to Interparfums, Inc.:

United States

$
68,842

$
68,164

$
63,354

Europe

104,122

101,698

89,677

Eliminations

( 4,577
)

( 5,504
)

( 377
)

$
168,387

$
164,358

$
152,654

Depreciation and amortization expense including impairment loss:

United States

$
6,806

$
6,838

$
6,517

Europe

18,496

21,520

10,814

$
25,302

$
28,358

$
17,331

Interest and investment income:

United States

$
2,175

$
514

$
346

Europe

1,702

2,392

10,810

Eliminations

—

( 688
)

( 427
)

$
3,877

$
2,218

$
10,729

Interest expense:

United States

$
1,258

$
1,838

$
1,351

Europe

5,990

6,675

10,329

Eliminations

—

( 688
)

( 427
)

$
7,248

$
7,825

$
11,253

Income tax expense:

United States

$
17,232

$
17,805

$
15,180

Europe

45,891

48,988

46,763

Eliminations

64

( 1,835
)

( 126
)

$
63,187

$
64,958

$
61,817

F-33

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025   2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Total assets:

United States

$
369,871

$
352,139

$
344,341

Europe

1,229,174

1,073,326

1,066,684

Eliminations

( 13,797
)

( 14,204
)

( 41,696
)

$
1,585,248

$
1,411,261

$
1,369,329

Additions to long-lived assets(a):

United States

$
1,020

$
1,882

$
3,918

Europe

47,180

20,470

49,450

$
48,200

$
22,352

$
53,368

Total long-lived assets(a):

United States

$
43,885

$
50,401

$
57,372

Europe

489,537

410,459

436,819

$
533,422

$
460,860

$
494,191

(a) Total long-lived assets include property, equipment and leasehold improvements, trademarks, licenses, and other intangible assets, and right-of-use assets.

United States export sales were approximately $ 200.3 million , $ 218.5 million and $ 230.5 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Consolidated net sales to customers by region are as follows:

Consolidated net sales to customers by region are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

North America

$
556,712

$
541,850

$
511,655

Western Europe

383,196

364,308

301,228

Asia/Pacific

188,995

196,978

191,772

Eastern Europe

121,064

118,130

103,227

Middle East and Africa

117,934

122,844

117,115

Central and South America

120,608

108,215

92,678

$
1,488,509

$
1,452,325

$
1,317,675

For net sales, a major country is defined as a group of customers in a country with combined net sales of greater than 10 % of consolidated net sales or as otherwise deemed significant. Net sales in the United States were approximately $ 532.4 million, $ 522.1 million, and $ 493.2 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Net sales in France were approximately $ 72.9 million, $ 65.4 million, and $ 51.0 million in 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. No other country represented greater than 10 % of the Company's consolidated net sales or was otherwise deemed significant.

F-34

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

( 15 )
Income Taxes

The components of income before income taxes consist of the following:

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

U.S. operations

$
90,437

$
83,169

$
103,517

Foreign operations

180,895

185,222

146,076

$
271,332

$
268,391

$
249,593

The provision for current and deferred income tax expense (benefit) consists of the following:

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Current:

Federal

$
14,107

$
15,123

$
18,356

State and local

3,017

2,627

2,297

Foreign

44,856

49,814

42,691

61,980

67,564

63,344

Deferred:

Federal

( 523
)

( 1,246
)

484

State and local

( 154
)

( 162
)

81

Foreign

1,884

( 1,198
)

( 2,092
)

1,207

( 2,606
)

( 1,527
)

Total income tax expense

$
63,187

$
64,958

$
61,817

F-35

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

December 31,

2025

2024

Net deferred tax assets:

Inventory and accounts receivable

$
4,852

$
4,505

Profit sharing

2,612

2,274

Stock option compensation

86

314

Effect of inventory profit elimination ( 1 )

—

—

Other

2,490

2,290

Total gross deferred tax assets, net

10,040

9,383

Valuation allowance

—

—

Net deferred tax assets

10,040

9,383

Deferred tax liabilities (long-term):

Building expenses

( 332
)

( 1,196
)

Trademarks and licenses

( 4,075
)

( 2,104
)

Unrealized gain on marketable equity securities

( 837
)

( 560
)

Other

( 562
)

( 58
)

Total deferred tax liabilities

( 5,806
)

( 3,918
)

Net deferred tax assets

$
4,234

$
5,465

( 1 ) As described in Note 1 , Correction of Immaterial Misstatements in Prior Period Financial Statements , the Company revised certain prior-period income tax disclosures to correct the classification of prepaid expenses that were previously presented as a deferred tax asset.

No   valuation allowances have been provided for deferred tax assets in   2025   as management believes that it is more likely than not that the asset will be realized in the reduction of future taxable income.

A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the   21 % statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to income before income taxes after the adoption of ASU   2023 - 09   is as follows:

Year ended December 31, 2025

(in thousands)

Percent

Tax at U.S. Statutory Rate

$
56,980

21.00
%

State and Local Income Taxes ( 1 )

1,812

0.67
%

Foreign Tax Effects

France

Foreign Rate Differential

7,540

2.78
%

Other

1,419

0.52
%

Other Foreign Jurisdictions

( 230
)

( 0.09 )

Effects of Cross-Border Tax Laws

( 1,657
)

( 0.61 )
%

Tax Credits

( 349
)

( 0.13 )
%

Nontaxable or Nondeductible Items

366

0.13

Changes in Unrecognized Tax Benefits

450

0.17

Other Adjustments

Amended Return Impacts

( 3,000
)

( 1.11 )
%

Other

( 144
)

( 0.04 )
%

$
63,187

23.29
%

( 1 ) The states and local jurisdictions that contribute to the majority ( greater than 50 % ) of the tax effect in this category include New York State, New Jersey, and California.

F-36

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

A reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the 21 % statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to income before taxes for years prior to the adoption of ASU 2023 - 09 is as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2024

2023

Statutory rates

21.0
%

21.0
%

State and local taxes, net of Federal benefit

0.7

0.8

Windfall benefit from exercise of stock options

( 0.3
)

( 0.4
)

Benefit of Foreign Derived Intangible Income

( 0.9
)

( 0.9
)

Effect of foreign taxes greater than U.S. statutory rates

3.5

4.1

Other

0.2

0.2

Effective rates

24.2
%

24.8
%

Below is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits ("UTBs").

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Gross increases - tax positions in prior period

$
—

$
—

$
—

Gross increases - tax positions in prior period

—

—

—

Gross decreases - tax positions in prior period

—

—

—

Gross increases - tax positions in current period

571

—

—

Settlement

—

—

—

Lapse of statute of Limitations

—

—

—

UTBs - December 31

$
571

$
—

$
—

Included in the balance of UTBs are tax benefits that, if recognized, would effect the effective tax rate are $ 0.45 million, $ 0 million and $ 0 million as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

The Company accrued interest and penalties of $ 0 during 2025 and in total, as of December 31, 2025, recognized a liability related to the UTBs noted above for interest and penalties of $ 0 .

The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal, and various states and foreign jurisdictions.

A mutual agreement procedure between the French and United States tax authorities in 2025 resulted in a $ 3 million favorable outcome in which we were able to reclaim the tax assessment of € 2.8 million ($ 3.1 million) paid in France in 2023 . The  Company’s French subsidiary is no longer subject to foreign tax examination for years before 2022 . Beginning in 2025 , the Company's French subsidiary is undergoing an audit for tax years 2022 and 2023 . They have not been notified of any additional upcoming audits.

The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2022 .

F-37

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2025 ,   2024   and   2023

(In thousands except share and per share data)

The amount of cash income taxes paid by the Company were as follows:

Year ended December 31, 2025

(in thousands)

Federal

$
15,629

State and Local

938

Foreign

France

53,520

Italy

4,985

All other foreign

2,639

Income taxes, net of amounts refunded

$
77,711

( 16 )
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of the following:

Year ended December 31,

2025

2024

2023

Net derivative instruments, beginning of year

$
( 1,631
)

$
64

$
1,709

Net derivative instrument gain (loss), net of tax

2,543

( 1,695
)

( 1,645
)

Net derivative instruments, end of year

912

( 1,631
)

64

Net pension benefits, beginning of year

2,019

—

—

Net pension benefits (loss) gain, net of tax

( 151
)

2,019

—

Net pension benefits, end of year

1,868

2,019

—

Cumulative translation adjustments, beginning of year

( 72,627
)

( 40,252
)

( 57,765
)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

60,818

( 32,375
)

17,513

Cumulative translation adjustments, end of year

( 11,809
)

( 72,627
)

( 40,252
)

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

$
( 9,029
)

$
( 72,239
)

$
( 40,188
)

(17)
Related Party Transactions

In 2023 , a foreign subsidiary of Interparfums, Inc. began leasing office space and receiving consulting services from affiliates of the Company’s Chairman and principal stockholder. The Company incurred approximately $ 68 thousand  and $ 48 thousand of expenses for these services in the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively. The Company owed $ 34 thousand and $ 0 related to these expenses as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

F-38

Schedule II

INTERPARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

(In thousands)

Column A

Column B

Column C

Column D

Column E

Additions

( 1 )

( 2 )

Description

Balance at

beginning of

period

Charged to

costs and

expenses

Charged to

other

accounts

Deductions

Balance at

end of period

Allowance for doubtful accounts:

Year ended December 31, 2025

$
2,368

1,741

306

(d)

1,169
(a)

3,246

Year ended December 31, 2024

$
2,104

1,046

( 127
)

(d)

655
(a)

2,368

Year ended December 31, 2023

$
4,690

( 1,466
)

( 670
)
(d)

450
(a)

2,104

Allowance for sales returns, net of inventory:

Year ended December 31, 2025

$
4,760

7,182

—

4,484
(b)

7,458

Year ended December 31, 2024

$
3,698

4,715

—

3,653
(b)

4,760

Year ended December 31, 2023

$
5,410

3,071

—

4,783
(b)

3,698

Inventory reserve:

Year ended December 31, 2025

$
18,312

7,211

1,875

(d)

2,535
(c)

24,863

Year ended December 31, 2024

$
21,243

( 566
)

( 883
)
(d)

1,482
(c)

18,312

Year ended December 31, 2023

$
11,431

10,284

476

(d)

948
(c)

21,243

(a)
Write-off of bad debts.

(b)
Write-off of sales returns.

(c)
Disposal of inventory

(d)
Foreign currency translation adjustment

See accompanying reports of independent registered public accounting firm.

F-39

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Interparfums, Inc.

By:
/s/ Jean Madar

Jean Madar, Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 10, 2026

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Jean Madar

Chairman of the Board of Directors

Jean Madar

and Chief Executive Officer

March 10, 2026

/s/ Michel Atwood

Michel Atwood

Chief Financial Officer and Director

March 10, 2026

/s/ Philippe Benacin

Philippe Benacin

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/ Philippe Santi

Philippe Santi

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/ François Heilbronn

François Heilbronn

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/ Robert Bensoussan

Robert Bensoussan

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/ Veronique Gabai-Pinsky

Veronique Gabai-Pinsky

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/ Gilbert Harrison

Gilbert Harrison

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/ Gerard Kappauf

Gerard Kappauf

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/

Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne

Patrick Bousquet-Chavanne

Director

March 10, 2026

/s/

Herve Bouillonnec

Herve Bouillonnec

Director

March 10, 2026

Exhibit Index

The
following documents previously filed with the Commission are incorporated by reference to the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019:

Exhibit
No.

Description

10.160

Consulting
Agreement with Philippe Benacin Holding SAS

3.1.1

Restated
Certificate of Incorporation dated September 3, 1987

3.1.2

Amendment
to Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated July 31, 1992

3.1.3

Amendment
to Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated July 9, 1993

3.1.4

Amendment
to Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, dated July 13, 1999

3.1.5

Amendment
to Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, dated July 12, 2000

3.1.6

Amendment
to Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated August 6, 2004

10.25

Employment
Agreement between the Company and Philippe Benacin dated July 29, 1991

10.26

Lease
for portion of 15th Floor, 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York

10.61

Lease
for 60 Stults Road, South Brunswick, NJ between Forsgate Industrial Complex, LP, and Jean Philippe Fragrances, Inc. dated
July 10, 1995

10.61.1

Third
Amendment to Lease for 60 Stults Road, South Brunswick, NJ

10.173

Lease
for Interparfums SA Distribution Center (confidential information in this exhibit was omitted)

The
following documents previously filed with the Commission are incorporated by reference to the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021:

Exhibit
No.

Description

4.33

2016
Stock Option Plan

The
following document previously filed with the Commission is incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on
Form 8-K as filed on April 20, 2023:

Exhibit
No.

Description

10.171-1

Amendment
to Service Agreement (formerly Consulting Agreement) for Jean Madar Holding SAS

The following document previously filed with the Commission is incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form  10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2023 :

Exhibit No.

Description

23

Consent of Mazars   USA LLP

31.1

Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Executive Officer

31.2

Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Financial Officer

32.1

Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes -Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer

32.2

Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes -Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer

The following documents previously filed with the Commission are incorporated
by reference to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024:

Exhibit  No.

Description

10.174

Non qualified Stock Option Agreeme nt for Michel Atwood dated December
30, 2022

10.175

Nonqualified
Stock Option Agreement for Michel Atwood dated December 29, 2023

10.176

Nonqualified
Stock Option Agreement for Michel Atwood dated December 31, 2024

19

Insider
Trading Policy

23

Consent of  Forvis  Mazars,  LLP

23.1

Consent of Mazars USA LLP

31.1

Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Executive Officer

31.2

Certification Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Financial Officer

32.1

Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes -Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer

32.2

Certification Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes -Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer

97

Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Incentive Base Compensation

The following documents are filed
with this report, the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2025:

Exhibit No.

Description

Page Nos.

10.156

Consulting Agreement with Jean Madar Holding SAS ( previously filed with the Commission )

130

10.168

Eighth Modification of Lease for portions of 551 5th Avenue, New York, NY ( previously filed with the Commission )

139

10.168.1

Exhibits to Eighth Modification of Lease for portions of 551 5th Avenue, New York, NY ( previously filed with the Commission )

144

10.171

Amendment to Consulting Agreement for Jean Madar Holding SAS ( previously filed with the Commission )

155

10.177

Nonqualified
Stock Option Agreement for Michel Atwood dated December 31, 2025

157

10.178

Nonqualified
Stock Option Agreement for Herve Bouillonnec dated December 31, 2025

159

10.178.1

Nonqualified   Stock Option Agreement for   Herve   Bouillonnec   dated December 31, 2024

161

10.178.2

Nonqualified   Stock Option Agreement for   Herve   Bouillonnec   dated December 29, 2023

163

10.178.3

Nonqualified   Stock Option Agreement for   Herve   Bouillonnec   dated December 30, 2022

165

21

Subsidiaries

167

23

Consent
of Forvis Mazars, LLP

168

23.1

Consent of
Mazars USA LLP

169

31.1

Certification
Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Executive Officer

170

31.2

Certification
Required by Rule 13a-14 of Chief Financial Officer

171

32.1

Certification
Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer

172

32.2

Certification
Required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by Chief Executive Officer

173