SOURCE: [url withheld] host=sec.gov
FORM: 8-K
FILED: 2026-04-21
ACCEPTED: 2026-04-21T20:21:10.000Z
ITEMS: 2.02,7.01,9.01
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-08-04
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EX-99.1
7
ex991_1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

INTERPARFUMS, INC. REPORTS 2026 FIRST QUARTER NET
SALES

2026
First Quarter Conference Call Scheduled for May 6, 2026

New York, New York, April 21, 2026, Interparfums,
Inc. (NASDAQ GS: IPAR) (“Interparfums” or the “Company”) today announced net
sales for the three months ended March 31, 2026.

Net Sales

($ in
millions)

Three
Months Ended

March
31,

2026

2025

%
Change

Total Interparfums,
Inc.

$345

$339

2%

European-based net sales

$252

$248

2%

United States based net sales

$96

$94

2%

Elimination of
intercompany sales

($3)

($3)

n/a

The average dollar/euro exchange rate for the 2026 first quarter was 1.17
compared to 1.05 in the 2025 first quarter, leading to a positive 4.6%
foreign exchange impact.

Data may not foot due to rounding.

Management Commentary:

Jean Madar, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
of Interparfums, stated, “We started off the year broadly in line with expectations
with consolidated sales increasing 2% on a reported basis to $345 million, reflecting
solid performances from select brands and favorable foreign exchange dynamics,
which partially offset less favorable results from other brands in the
portfolio. Excluding the war in the Middle East, which represented an estimated
1% headwind, organic sales declined moderately by 2%. Growth continues to be more
measured compared to recent years amid ongoing macroeconomic pressures and geopolitical
uncertainty. Consumer interest in fragrance remains resilient,
and we are actively navigating an industry that continues to normalize as consumers
become more selective and retailers are managing inventory cautiously. We are
encouraged by the category’s durability and remain cautiously optimistic about the
future of our ever-evolving brand portfolio.”

European
Based Operations

Mr. Madar continued, “In the first quarter,
reported sales from European based operations increased 2%, which included a 5.5%
positive foreign exchange impact.

“Coach fragrance sales grew 30% in the 2026 first
quarter, following an 11% increase in the 2025 first quarter. This quarter’s
growth reflected strong sell-in following the launches of new extensions within
the Coach Women and Coach Men franchises, Coach Cherry and
Coach Platinum , as well as sustained strong demand across most existing
lines.

“Montblanc fragrance sales rose 14% in the first
quarter, driven by the launch of Legend Elixir , the first launch for the
Legend franchise since 2024, the success of the Explorer Extreme
line launched last year, and a lower sales base in last year’s first quarter.   We plan to launch a new extension for the Explorer
Extreme line in the second half of this year to sustain the brand.

“While Jimmy Choo fragrance sales continue to grow
in the United States, supported by the ongoing success of the I Want Choo
franchise and the first quarter launch of Jimmy Choo Man Parfum , overall
brand net sales declined 4% in the first quarter. The decrease reflected a
moderate downturn in certain European and Asian markets.

“A high comparative base to last year’s first
quarter, when sales grew 30% behind a very successful innovation program, as
well as challenging market conditions primarily in Eastern Europe, drove a 12%
decline in Lacoste sales in the 2026 first quarter. We
remain confident in the brand’s medium- and long-term potential, given recent
and upcoming extensions in 2026 and planned blockbuster launches for women’s
and men’s fragrances in 2027 and 2028.”

United
States Based Operations

Mr. Madar continued, “Sales by our United States
operations rose by 2% during the 2026 first quarter, which included a 2.5% favorable
foreign exchange impact. Organic sales were broadly flat.

“Fragrance sales of GUESS, our largest United
States based brand, rose 11% in the first quarter. Growth was supported by successful
launches of new extensions within the Iconic and Seductive
pillars − Iconic Sublime , the newest men’s fragrance
that extends the franchise’s strong momentum, and Seductive Desire , a
bold new dual‑gender fragrance duo.

“Following a successful first two years in our
portfolio, Roberto Cavalli continued to generate robust results to start 2026, achieving
a 32% increase in net sales during the first quarter. Growth was fueled by the
latest innovation released during the quarter, including the Just Cavalli
Wild Heart extension dual-gender duo, Wild Pink & Wild Blue ,
and Verde Assoluto , the newest fragrance within the Uomo pillar.

“Donna Karan/DKNY net sales declined by a modest 3%
off a strong sales base in the first quarter of 2025; however, sales of Be
Delicious Core rebounded by 17% in the 2026 first quarter, compared to the
same period last year, reflecting renewed consumer demand and strengthening
momentum for the franchise. We expect sales to improve as the year progresses, driven
by support for the new DKNY three-scent collection, Be Delicious Latte ,
and the new fragrance for the Donna Karan Cashmere Collection , Cashmere
& Rose Absolu .”

Mr.
Madar concluded, "We remain cautiously optimistic about the remainder of
2026. We have reduced our forecast for the Middle East
region due to the war and are preparing to capture the opportunities associated
with improved market dynamics in the other regions. Looking at 2027, we
continue to be optimistic by the enhanced offerings within our current
portfolio of brands, the introduction of new fragrances from recently acquired
brands and licenses, and the selective pursuit of incremental brand
opportunities.”

2026
First Quarter Results and Conference Call Details

The Company will issue financial results for the three
months ended March 31, 2026, on Tuesday, May 5, 2026, after the close of the
stock market. Management will host a conference call to discuss financial
results and business operations beginning at 11:00 am ET on Wednesday, May 6, 2026.

Interested parties may participate in the live call
by dialing:

U.S. / Toll-free:   (877)
423-9820

International:      (201)
493-6749

Participants are asked to
dial in approximately 10 minutes before the conference call is scheduled to
begin.

A live audio webcast will
also be available in the “Events” tab within the Investor Relations section of
the Company’s website at www.interparfumsinc.com , or by clicking here . The conference call will be available for webcast
replay for approximately 90 days following the live event.

About
Interparfums, Inc.:

Operating
in the global fragrance business since 1982, Interparfums, Inc. produces and
distributes a wide array of prestige fragrance and fragrance related products
under license and other agreements with brand owners. The Company manages its
business in two operating segments, European based operations, through its 72%
owned subsidiary, Interparfums SA, and United States based operations, through
wholly owned subsidiaries in the United States and Italy.

Our
portfolio of prestige brands includes Abercrombie & Fitch, Anna Sui, Boucheron,
Coach, Donna Karan/DKNY, Emanuel Ungaro, Ferragamo, Graff, GUESS, Hollister,
Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Kate Spade, Lacoste, Longchamp, MCM, Moncler,
Montblanc, Oscar de la Renta, Roberto Cavalli, and Van Cleef & Arpels,
whose products are distributed in over 120 countries around the world through
an extensive and diverse network of distributors. Interparfums, Inc. is also
the registered owner of several trademarks including Lanvin, Rochas, and
Solférino. Goutal and Off-White joined the Company’s fragrance portfolio in
2026.

Forward-Looking
Statements:

Statements
in this release which are not historical in nature are forward-looking
statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, and expectations
reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no
assurance that such plans, intentions, or expectations will be achieved. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by forward-looking
words such as "anticipate”, "believe", "could",
"estimate", "expect", "intend", "may",
"should", "will", and "would" or similar words.
You should not rely on forward-looking statements, because actual events or
results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of important factors. These factors include,
but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under the
headings “Forward Looking Statements” and "Risk Factors" in
Interparfums' annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2025, and the reports Interparfums files from time to time with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Interparfums does not intend to and undertakes no duty
to update the information contained in this press release.

Contact Information:

Inter p arfums, Inc. Michel Atwood Chief Financial Officer (212) 983-2640 www.interparfumsinc.com
or
The Equity Group  Inc . Devin Sullivan Investor Relations Counsel (212) 836-9608 /   dsullivan@theequitygroup.com www.theequitygroup.com