SOURCE: https://www.marketbeat.com/stocks/NASDAQ/SAIC/forecast/
PROVIDER: agent-websearch
AREA: 6
HEADLINE: SAIC price target consensus
WHY: rating distribution and target range
QUERY: SAIC short interest price target
FETCHED_UTC: 2026-08-29T13:21:10Z

Based on 11 Wall Street analysts who have issued ratings for Science Applications International in the last 12 months, the stock has a consensus rating of "Hold." Out of the 11 analysts, 1 has given a sell rating, 8 have given a hold rating, and 2 have given a buy rating for SAIC.
Consensus Price Target
$116.89 -7.20% Downside
According to the 11 analysts' twelve-month price targets for Science Applications International, the average price target is $116.89. The highest price target for SAIC is $132.00, while the lowest price target for SAIC is $95.00. The average price target represents a forecasted downside of -7.20% from the current price of $125.96.
MarketBeat calculates consensus analyst ratings for stocks using the most recent rating from each Wall Street analyst that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Each analyst's rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Analyst consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings from Wall Street analysts. Each stock's consensus analyst rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0 to .5 = Strong Sell, .5 to 1 = Sell, 1 to 1.5 = Reduce, 1.5 to 2.5 = Hold, 2.5 to 3.0 = Moderate Buy, 3.0 to 3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.
Get the Latest News and Ratings for SAIC and Related Stocks
Enter your email address to receive the latest news and analysts' ratings for Science Applications International and its competitors.
SMS is currently available in Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States. By entering your phone number and clicking the sign-up button, you agree to receive periodic text messages from MarketBeat at the phone number you submitted, including texts that may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. Messages will consist of stock alerts, news stories, and partner advertisements/offers. Consent is not a condition of the purchase of any goods or services. Text HELP for help/customer support. Unsubscribe at any time by replying "STOP" to any text message that you receive from MarketBeat or by visiting our mailing preferences page. Read our full terms of service and privacy policy.
SAIC Analyst Ratings Over Time
Type
Current Forecast 8/29/25 to 8/29/26
1 Month Ago 7/30/25 to 7/30/26
3 Months Ago 5/31/25 to 5/31/26
1 Year Ago 8/29/24 to 8/29/25
Strong Buy
0 Strong Buy rating(s)
0 Strong Buy rating(s)
0 Strong Buy rating(s)
0 Strong Buy rating(s)
Buy
2 Buy rating(s)
2 Buy rating(s)
3 Buy rating(s)
4 Buy rating(s)
Hold
8 Hold rating(s)
8 Hold rating(s)
8 Hold rating(s)
6 Hold rating(s)
Sell
1 Sell rating(s)
1 Sell rating(s)
1 Sell rating(s)
1 Sell rating(s)
Consensus Price Target
$116.89
$115.22
$109.20
$125.64
Forecasted Upside
-7.20% Downside
-0.43% Downside
4.80% Upside
6.74% Upside
Consensus Rating
Hold
Hold
Hold
Hold
SAIC Analyst Recommendations By Month
Analyst Ratings Chart Description
The chart below shows how a company's ratings by analysts have changed over time. Each bar represents the previous year of ratings for that month. Within each bar, the sell ratings are shown in red, the hold ratings are shown in yellow, the buy ratings are shown in green, and the strong buy ratings are shown in dark green.
Average Share Price and Price Target by Month Chart Description
The chart below shows how a company's share price and consensus price target have changed over time. The dark blue line represents the company's actual price. The lighter blue line represents the stock's consensus price target. The even lighter blue range in the background of the two lines represents the low price target and the high price target for each stock.
Get the Latest News and Ratings for SAIC and Related Stocks
Enter your email address below to receive the latest news and analysts' ratings for Science Applications International and its competitors with MarketBeat's FREE daily newsletter.
Analyst ratings data on MarketBeat is provided by Benzinga and other data providers. This page was last refreshed on Saturday at 09:21 AM ET.
SAIC Forecast - Frequently Asked Questions
What is Science Applications International's forecast for 2026?
According to the research reports of 11 Wall Street equities research analysts, the average twelve-month stock price forecast for Science Applications International is $116.89, with a high forecast of $132.00 and a low forecast of $95.00.
Should I buy or sell Science Applications International stock right now?
11 Wall Street research analysts have issued "buy," "hold," and "sell" ratings for Science Applications International in the last year. There is currently 1 sell rating, 8 hold ratings and 2 buy ratings for the stock. The consensus among Wall Street research analysts is that investors should "hold" SAIC shares. A hold rating indicates that analysts believe investors should maintain any existing positions they have in SAIC, but not buy additional shares or sell existing shares.
Does Science Applications International's stock price have much downside?
According to analysts, Science Applications International's stock has a predicted downside of -7.20% based on their 12-month stock forecasts.
Has Science Applications International been upgraded by Wall Street analysts recently?
Over the previous 90 days, Science Applications International's stock had 2 upgrades by analysts.
What analysts cover Science Applications International?
Do Wall Street analysts like Science Applications International more than its competitors?
Analysts like Science Applications International less than other "industrials" companies. The consensus rating score for Science Applications International is 2.09 while the average consensus rating score for "industrials" companies is 2.30. Learn more on how SAIC compares to other companies.