SOURCE: [url withheld] host=sec.gov
FORM: 8-K
FILED: 2026-03-03
ACCEPTED: 2026-03-03T21:20:51.000Z
ITEMS: 1.01,2.03,3.02,9.01
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-08-03
------------------------------------------------------------------------

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2026

Ultra Clean Holdings,
Inc.
(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware
000-50646
61-1430858

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation)

(Commission File Number)

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

26462 Corporate Avenue

Hayward ,
California

94545

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant’s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 510 576-4400

N/A
(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading
Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value

UCTT

The Nasdaq Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 1.01. Entry Into or Amendment of a Material
Definitive Agreement.

Indenture and Notes

On March 3, 2026, Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. (the
“ Company ”) issued $600,000,000 principal amount of its 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the “ Notes ”).
The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the “ Indenture ”), dated as of March 3, 2026,
between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”). Pursuant to the
purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchasers of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchasers an option to
purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes are first issued, up to an additional $75,000,000
principal amount of Notes. The Notes issued on March 3, 2026 include $75,000,000 principal amount of Notes issued pursuant to the full
exercise by the initial purchasers of such option.

The Notes will be the Company’s senior,
unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with the Company’s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness;
(ii) senior in right of payment to the Company’s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii)
effectively subordinated to the Company’s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness under the Company’s
amended and restated credit agreement), to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally
subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is
not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company’s subsidiaries.

The Notes will not bear regular interest, and
the principal amount of the Notes will not accrete. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2031, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted.
Before December 16, 2030, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and
after December 16, 2030, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled
trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will have the right to elect to settle conversions either entirely in cash
or in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. The kind and amount of consideration due upon conversion will be determined
based on the conversion value of the Notes, measured proportionately for each trading day in an “Observation Period” (as defined
in the Indenture) consisting of 40 trading days, and settled following the completion of that Observation Period. The consideration due
in respect of each trading day in the Observation Period will consist of cash, up to at least the proportional amount of the principal
amount being converted, and any excess of the proportional conversion value for that trading day that will not be settled in cash will
be settled in shares of the Company’s common stock. The initial conversion rate is 11.8001 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $84.75 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and
conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events
that constitute a “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain
circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time.

The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part
(subject to the partial redemption limitation described below), at the Company’s option at any time, and from time to time, on or
after March 20, 2029 and on or before the 40th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price
equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to,
but excluding, the redemption date, but only if (i) the notes are “Freely Tradable” (as defined in the Indenture), and all
accrued and unpaid additional interest, if any, has been paid in full, as of the date the Company sends the related redemption notice;
and (ii) the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s common stock exceeds 130% of the conversion price on (i) each of
at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day
immediately before the date the Company sends such redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company
sends such redemption notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes unless at least $100.0 million
aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption
notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which
case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted during
the related redemption conversion period.

If certain corporate events that constitute a
“Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders
may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased,
plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The
definition of Fundamental Change includes certain change-of-control events relating to the Company, certain business combination transactions
involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company’s common stock.

The Notes will have customary provisions relating
to the occurrence of “Events of Default” (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults
on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of special interest or additional interest on the Notes, will be subject
to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company’s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time;
(iii) the Company’s failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Company’s ability to consolidate
with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company in its other
obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given
in accordance with the Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed
money of at least $30,000,000; and (vi) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of the
Company’s significant subsidiaries.

If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency
or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs,
then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become
due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the
Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice
to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all of the Notes
then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option,
that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in
the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified
rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% on the principal amount of the Notes.

The above description of the Indenture and the
Notes is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the Indenture and the form of the certificate representing the Notes are filed as Exhibits
4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the Indenture
and the Notes set forth in such exhibits.

Capped Call Transactions

On February 26, 2026, in connection with the pricing
of the offering of Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the “ Base Capped Call Transactions ”)
with certain of the initial purchasers or their affiliates and certain other financial institutions (the “ Option Counterparties ”).
In addition, on February 27, 2026, in connection with the initial purchasers’ exercise of their option to purchase additional Notes,
the Company entered into additional capped call transactions (the “ Additional Capped Call Transactions ,” and, together
with the Base Capped Call Transactions, the “ Capped Call Transactions ”) with each of the Option Counterparties. The
Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Notes,
the number of shares of the Company’s common stock initially underlying the Notes, and the Capped Call Transactions are expected
generally to reduce potential dilution to the Company’s common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or at the Company’s
election (subject to certain conditions) offset any potential cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal
amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap, based on the cap price of the Capped
Call Transactions. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions is initially $104.0725, which represents a premium of 75.0% over the
last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock on February 26, 2026. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions was approximately
$25.1 million.

The Capped Call Transactions are separate transactions
(in each case that the Company entered into with each of the Option Counterparties), are not part of the terms of the Notes and will not
change the holder’s rights under the Notes or the Indenture. Holders of the Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Capped
Call Transactions.

The above description of the Capped Call Transactions
is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the form of confirmation for the Capped Call Transactions is filed as exhibit 10.1 to this
Current Report on Form 8-K, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the confirmation set forth in such exhibit.

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Notes were issued to the initial purchasers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), in transactions not involving any public offering. The Notes
were initially resold by each initial purchaser to persons whom each such initial purchaser reasonably believes are “qualified institutional
buyers,” as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of the Company’s common stock
that may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an
exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, a maximum of 10,089,120 shares of the Company’s common
stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 16.8152 shares of common stock per $1,000
principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibits

Exhibit
Number

Description

4.1
Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2026, between Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

4.2
Form of certificate representing the 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1).

10.1
Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions.

104
Cover page interactive data file (embedded within the inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

ULTRA CLEAN HOLDINGS, INC.

Date: March 3, 2026
By:
/s/ Paul Y. Cho

Name: Paul Y. Cho

Title: General Counsel and Corporate Secretary