SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finnhub.io
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finnhub.io
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-15T13:37:27Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-15 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-07-28T10:06:14Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Core Scientific Inc. (NASDAQ:CORZ) is one of the 10 oversold NASDAQ stocks to invest in right now.
On June 25, BTIG increased the target price on Core Scientific Inc. (NYSE:CORZ) from $33 to $38, yielding an adjusted upside potential of over 77%. The firm upheld its Buy rating on the stock. According to the firm, rapid power consumption in data centers showed no sign of slowing, as the early stages of a worldwide data center buildout persisted during the second quarter.
Over the coming years, BTIG believes that businesses with quick access to power will have endless possibilities to land AI colocation contracts. With five high-performance computing infrastructure contracts signed by the public firms it tracks in the second quarter, it raised pricing targets throughout the data center infrastructure group, claiming that demand for quick power assets is growing stronger.
Back on June 12, Lucid Capital reinitiated its coverage on Core Scientific Inc. (NYSE:CORZ) with a target price of $40, resulting in an upside potential of almost 87%. The firm also assigned a Buy rating to the stock, making reference to the company's "second act", which is a testament to its modular HPC platform.
According to the firm, Core Scientific holds enough cash in hand to cover the equity shortage for the 1GW essential IT load for each of its current and future sites. Moreover, a short-term lease arrangement involving Hunt County eventually mitigates the company's reliance on a single tenant.
Core Scientific Inc. (NASDAQ:CORZ) is a data center operator that leverages high-density computing solutions for AI and high-density workloads. The company uses purpose-built data centers for mining and also hosts services for third-party clients. Originally engaged in Bitcoin mining, it has gradually pivoted towards larger AI-based revenue streams such as GPU cloud and colocation services.
While we acknowledge the potential of CORZ as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Disclosure: None. Follow Insider Monkey on Google News.