SOURCE: https://justuseapp.com/en/app/403901186/kroger/reviews
PROVIDER: agent-websearch
AREA: 7
HEADLINE: Kroger Reviews (2026) | Check if app is safe or legit
WHY: aggregated recent app-review sentiment/complaints, an alt-data proxy for digital customer experience
QUERY: Kroger social media sentiment reviews app 2026
FETCHED_UTC: 2026-09-09T15:29:22Z

 


            

 
 
 
     
     
     
     
    
             Kroger Reviews (2026) | Check if app is safe or legit 
        

             
             
             
             
             
             
             
             
            
            
             
              
             
             
 

     
     
     

    
    
    
    
    
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
    
    


     
     
      
     
     
        
                 
             
             
             

             
             
             
             
             
             
             
  
             
             


             
             .main{overflow:hidden}#content,#navigation{margin-bottom:-1000px;padding-bottom:1000px}.fancybox img{overflow:hidden;display:inline-block;-webkit-border-radius:2px;-moz-border-radius:2px;border-radius:2px;width:128px;margin-right:15px;margin-bottom:10px}
                .nav-boost{color:#6610f2!important;font-size: 17px!important;font-weight:500!important;}
                 .star-rating{position:absolute;top:14px;right:15px}@media (max-width:768px){.card-header{display:flex;flex-direction:column-reverse;align-items:center}.star-rating{position:static;margin-bottom:10px}}
             

 


  
      
.dropdown-menu.pull-left{left:-250px}
.drop-row{width:215px;display:inline-block;margin:0;padding:0;vertical-align:top}.dropdown-menu{min-width:435px}@media (max-width:767px){.dropdown-menu{min-width:180px}.drop-row{width:100%}}
 
 
     
         
             
                 
                      Justuseapp .com 
                 
             

             
     
                 Light   
     
     
         
             
              
         
     
 

 
    $(function(){ /* to make sure the script runs after page load */
    //OLD - window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function () {
        // Change the css file on input checkbox change
        document.querySelector('#dark-switch') && document.querySelector('#dark-switch').addEventListener('change', function(e) {
            const appCss = document.querySelector('#app-css');

            if(e.target.checked) {
                appCss.setAttribute('href', 'https://justuseapp.com/css/app.dark.css');
                setCookie('dark_mode', 1, new Date().getTime() + (10 * 365 * 24 * 60 * 60 * 1000), '/');
                document.querySelector('#dark-theme > div > label > span > span').textContent = 'Dark';
            } else {
                appCss.setAttribute('href', 'https://justuseapp.com/css/app.css');
                setCookie('dark_mode', 0, new Date().getTime() + (10 * 365 * 24 * 60 * 60 * 1000), '/');
                document.querySelector('#dark-theme > div > label > span > span').textContent = 'Light';
            }

            e.stopPropagation();
        });
    });
              
                  
             



         
             
               
                                
                     Expense Mangt.      

                     
                         
                              Software Buying Guides  
                              Get Corporate Cards  
                              Protect your Privacy  
                              Get Virtual Cards  
                              Free Trial Card  
                         
                     
                 
                
                 
                      ❤️  Recommended Apps      

                     
                         
                              Books  
                              Business  
                              Education  
                              Entertainment  
                              Finance  
                              Food Drink  
                              Health Fitness  
                              Lifestyle  
                              Medical  
                              Music  
                              Navigation  

                          

                              News  
                              Newsstand  
                              Photo Video  
                              Productivity  
                              Reference  
                              Shopping  
                              Social Networks  
                              Sports  
                              Traveling  
                              Utilities  
                              Weather  

                             
                         
                     




                 
                   🌍  EN          
                 
                 
                    
                   EN  
                             DE  
                             FR  
                                               
                 
                 
                    


                 
             



         
     
  

      

      

         
    
    
 


      
     
   
     
         


     
     

               
      


     
       
           
        



     
       
         
           


          
              
                 Kroger Reviews  

                 Published by    
                                 The Kroger Co. 
                                on 2026-08-18
             


               
               
               

                 
                   
                   
                   
                   
                 

         
             $ 
             Free 
         -->

           
             🏷️  About:   
                                     The Kroger app is a shopping app that offers convenience, savings, and rewards to its users. It allows users to create and track orders, shop from an extended aisle of products, use Kroger Pay, build shopping lists, view weekly ads, clip digital coupons, get cashback deals, discover exclusive promotions, refill and track prescriptions, check fuel points, locate stores and fuel centers, view purchase history, and add Plus Card to Wallet for iPhone. 
                  
             
           

             

                             

                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                                                                        
                                                 
                                                     &nbsp;Rating  
                                                                                                            4.8/5
                                                         
                                                 
                                             
                                         


                                                                               
                                             
                                                 
                                                                                                           
                                                 
                                                   &nbsp;Safety Score:   66.6/100   
                                                 
                                             
                                         

                                         
                                           
                                             &nbsp;
                                                                                                 
                                             &nbsp;Legitimacy Score:   66.6/100   
                                           
                                         
                                        
                            

       
      
    






        
     
   
  
 
     
         
              &nbsp; Table of Contents:
         
         
              
         

         
             
                 
                     
                         🗣️ 
                         &nbsp; Read 35  Reviews 
                     
                 

                                  
                 
                     
                         📝 
                         &nbsp; Review Summary 
                     
                 -->
                
                                  
                 
                     
                         💯 
                         &nbsp; Legitimacy & Safety 
                     
                 
                
                  
                 
                     
                         ❣️ 
                         &nbsp; Alternatives 
                     
                 

                  
                 
                     
                            
                         &nbsp; Contact  Support 
                     
                 

                  
                 
                     
                         🛠️ 
                         &nbsp; Troubleshoot | Report Issue 
                     
                 
             
         
     
 


       
      
      

         

                 
                                     
                         
                             
                                  
                                     
                                                                  
                                            &nbsp;
                                  
                                            &nbsp;
                                  
                                            &nbsp;
                                  
                                            &nbsp;
                                 
                                  
                             
                         
                       
                

                                           
                                               
                         
                            
                             
                                 
                                   
                             
                             
                               Is Kroger Safe to Use? 
                               We Investigate the app owner's website (Kroger.com), verify their legitimacy, and uncover hidden scams and complaints. 
                             
                           
                            
                             
                               
                               🔍 Scan for scams 
                             
                           
                         
                        
                                          
             
                                 Overall Customer Experience  😎  
             
                 
                    
                     

                                               
                                                 
                                -->  😎   Positive experience 
                             
                                  66.6%  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                           
                                                 
                                -->  🤬   Negative experience 
                             
                                  33.4%  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                           
                                                 
                                -->  🫥   Neutral 
                             
                                  0.0%  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                           
                                             
                      ~ from Justuseapp.com NLP analysis of 1,268,858 combined software reviews. 
                  
               
            
                         
                 
                         Is Kroger Safe?  
                 
                 
                     
                         
                              
                                 Kroger is very safe to use. 
                             
                             
                                  66.6/100  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                          
                     
                          &nbsp; Safety Analysis &raquo;&raquo; 
                  
               


             
                 
                              Is Kroger Legit?  
                 
                 
                     
                         
                              
                                  Kroger looks authentic and legitimate. 
                             
                             
                                  66.6/100  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                          
                     
                       -->
                  
               
            

                     
                         
                             
                                                                         
                              ⚠️   Share your Experience &amp; Warn Others  
                         
                       



             
                                                              Summary of Customer Reviews (Takeaways): 💎  
                     
                     
                         
                             
                                  
                                     
                                             - Fast delivery  - Personalization and communication  - Friendliness  - Up to date each step of the way  - Texts to ask what you would like instead of a substitution  - Convenient for working parents  - Click list option is convenient 
                                     
                                  
                             
                         
                       
                 
                            


            
             Read 35 Customer Service Reviews 😠💢 
                 
                                                        4.8 out of 5   
                 

             
                          
                            
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                                                                    
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Had to delete my whole order  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-05-21
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Morgan 307^   
                             
                              This may not be an issue for some people but it’s a big issue for me because for one when I put together an order I have an idea on what I am going to be cooking for the next week and with that I’ve done research on the Internet for certain recipes and not only that I have edited the recipes to meet my diet so it is a headache when I have to go through and look for everything all over again I really think they need to fix some other bugs and have the option to save an order on your account what happened was it constantly asking me to change my store even though the store I had on file had everything I needed and also everything was ready on my end for pick up And it just ended up being a waste of time at the end of it because after I deleted my app call customer service I still wasn’t able to get the order through and app was acting wonky I was very disappointed and I have to do other things that I have to attend to other than my groceries and people who use these apps don’t have time to go throughout the store to get their own groceries and I’m sure people Live a busy lifestyle and still tries to eat healthy good tasting meal as I do also also understand my frustration I was very disappointed to say the least and don’t even get me started with the customer service not only they were sassy and gave a attitude and their tone they were absolutely no help 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Need to fix List Bugs  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-06-22
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by MAGwyre   
                             
                              I like this  app and the List feature on Kroger  has always been great until the last several months. I don’t know what has happened but it feels like this  app doesn’t really want customers to use this feature anymore so they’ve made it as annoying and difficult as possible.  Kroger  is always prompting you to add to cart for pick up or delivery rather than adding to the list to go to the store. They have a tiny button there now but it’s so close to the ‘add to cart’ button that it’s hard to select without accidentally adding to the cart.  Whenever you select produce, it completely freezes Kroger  and you have to close and restart. If an item has a coupon and you want to clip it from the list, again it goes completely blank and freezes, requiring a reboot. You can’t just have your list on the home page - you have to navigate to it through the settings every time. It’s taken me over 30 minutes just to load 6 items and I’m just done with it. I’m trying to load my Christmas list, which is probably going to be about $600 in groceries. I really like that the list will sort items by aisle and let me check them off as I go. But Kroger  is no longer worth using as it currently is.  I’m better off taking a paper list at this rate. Very disappointing. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Card information is correct and continues to say it’s not!  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-07-23
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Jayr95   
                             
                              I began using the this  app click list feature a while back when it first was introduced and it was very convenient. It was something that was very easy for my family and I to do after having a newborn and then became very convenient for our work and childcare schedule. However I have not been able to use this this  app app to order a click list since September 2018 because every time I try to it says that my debit card information is incorrect! The unfortunate truth is I don’t always have time to go and take the time to shop however it’s been convenient to be able to do it at the tip of my fingers because of this click list option. I think the click list addition was a great and convenient thing for us as working parents and in general to conveniently pick up groceries on the go. I’ve tried this with multiple debit and credit cards, all of the information being correct, but a prompt shows up insisting on saying that I have put in invalid or incorrect information when I have double and triple check the information to be correct. I’m not sure if it is just the payment feature that may be messed up but it is something that I hope someone will look into because I know for a fact the information is correct. Prior to this I had no other issues with  Kroger it’s just become incredibly frustrating that for almost 7 months I haven’t been able to use this feature. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Expired replacement product  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-08-24
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Perma1113   
                             
                              I’ve been using Kroger  and pick up service for several months now and overall satisfied. What I am not satisfied with is my last visit. Specifically a replacement product. I had asked for was salami. I received prepackaged Genoa salami. I have never purchased this particular product but was open to trying something different. When home, I tried a few slices. It had a really fatty consistency and tasted odd. I checked the ingredients. Ingredients seemed normal. Then I checked the expiration date (which was difficult to find and see). This product had an expiration date of March 2020. My purchase date was August 23, 2020! My next step was to call the store and alert them. Thus, the frustration begins. No one would answer the phone. I tried several different extensions with the same “non-result”. As a last result, I dialed the pick up phone number, gave a brief explanation to the girl who answered and requested to speak to a manager.  Long story short, I was told no manager was available. Then I filled the survey out with all of the information I have stated here. It is now Thursday and I STILL have not heard a peep. Why have  Customer Service phone numbers and surveys if you don’t follow through? I’m still waiting for a call or email. I want my money back. Also, I really think I may go inside the store this week to see if the expired salami is still available for the next unsuspecting customer. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                                             
                               ⚠️   Share your Experience &amp; Warn Others  &raquo;  
                         
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      DP  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-09-25
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Gram2354   
                             
                              I work with customers at a this  app store. Many of our customers are older and  Kroger with it’s constant updates is extremely difficult to use.  You need to separate the online shopping part of Kroger  from the digital coupons and weekly ads. Many of our customers see the shelf tags with the sale price with digital coupon and try to download the digital coupon when they get to the checkout. They open Kroger  and see the item and click on it thinking they are clipping the coupon when it is in shopping mode. Also you have waaayyy too many coupons to go through. People will be standing at the UScan checkout looking for the coupons that go with the items they are purchasing and get frustrated and and hand us their phone and tell us to find them. You need to simplify the use of the digital coupon part of Kroger . Remember that most people using  Kroger are not tech savvy. Make it simple enough for your Grandmother to use. Also stop changing it every day! People don’t like change! They want to know that when they open Kroger  they can quickly find what they are looking for!  Also this  app customer service number listed in  Kroger is a joke! When people call they want to speak with a PERSON, not an automated message system that transfers you to someone in a foreign country that barely speaks English including the supervisors! Had too vent!! Grrr 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      What happened to this app?  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-10-26
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by CathieR   
                             
                              I have enjoyed shopping with Kroger  for weekly curbside pickup for about a year now and loved it. The latest update makes it very hard to navigate the ordering process.  I usually shop by scrolling through my recent purchases with an occasional search for something else. Now after a search my list of recent purchases has disappeared and I have to navigate the site to find it again. And now, when searching for items tonight that I know you carry, the message popped up that the items could not be displayed.  After about three searches I got a message that my access to the site was denied. I closed my browser and the this  app app, then reopened Kroger  and clicked to go back to the order online site and guess what—my access is still denied. And it couldn’t be at a worse time, with holiday dinner and parties this week I need to finish my order! Please fix  Kroger!!!  Edited to add...I think the problems I am having are all due to everything being done in Kroger  rather than going to Safari to order and complete purchases.  Every time I go to Kroger  it has logged me out and I have to log back in, which never happened before. So now Kroger  is worthless to me and I will revert to going back to internet ordering, or change over to a nearby store (HEB) with a better curbside app. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Frustrating app  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-11-27
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Tr876()$5cr   
                             
                              Issue 1: Neither the this  app app nor the website tell you when the next available pick up time is. That is always the first thing I want to know. The available pick up times used to be displayed and now they are not. So I have to place my whole order, then find out when I can pick it up, or choose to order from another store that will tell me first when I can pick up my groceries.  Issue 2: Lately there are so many items Kroger  says they are out of in-store. Yet when I go into the store, all the items are there. It is super frustrating to place a pick up order, pick it up, then park my car and go inside for 9 extra items I tried to order via pick-up but were told they didn’t have. Tonight it was brie cheese (Kroger  said there was no brie, from any brand in any size), arborio rice, Heritage Farm chicken breasts, fresh green beans (again, Kroger  said there were no fresh green beans; in-store there were two different options), and fig jam. There wasn’t one item they said they were out of that actually was out of stock. If it were 2 or 3 items every now and then, I could believe they just restocked those items between the time I placed my order and the time I went into the store. But this is happening with so many items now, every time I order.   Hoping someone sees this and fixes these issues. I’m a very loyal, long-time customer of this  app but I am this close to switching to another grocery store. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Needs work  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2022-12-28
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Getyuio   
                             
                              The search feature needs to be more intuitive. Unless you have exact wording , you get nothing.  The lists feature is such a mess. It is easy to remove items and change quantities but it is never clear if item in list has made its way into your cart. It used to be simple to find your cart but somewhere along the line the cart is impossible to find. MOST IMPORTANT please improve the share list feature. I am unable to go out at this time. I send my husband who struggles to find the items on the text version of the list. The text version of the list runs in together and is a jumbled mess unless there is a link in the text that provides the same view of the items as Kroger  and he missed it in the text? The print version is much better but does not indicate where it is located. If it is possible to print or share your list as it appears in Kroger  with PICTURES of the product and location in the store , please let me know. If not I suggest an update to your app. If the share feature is not clear on the other end it is useless. I would imagine that I’m not the only one that has to send others to shop for them. Overall, navigation through Kroger  could be improved quite a bit. The appears to be patched together and lacks intuition and logical flow to make it user friendly. Thanks and hope this is useful to you. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      The app is great besides one thing  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-01-29
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by PenguinXoXo   
                             
                              I have ordered groceries to be delivered on several occasions. The past two orders have been totally screwed up. When making the payment and tip it says you can alter the tip later... for example if you are not satisfied or are more satisfied than you expected. This is misinformation! I have tried to change the tip I have given okay multiple occasions and no where is there an option where you can do so. I have tried while the person is shopping and also upon arrival of my groceries. ALSO, there is no way to survey your grocery picker/deliverer. This is very frustrating. On top of it all!! The order I just received didn’t have my receipt. I have tried to reach out to customer service and they have been no help! On my last order over half of the items were refunded, most of the rest were replaced and not even replaced with comparable things. For example, my dog cannot eat dog food with chicken, I ordered beef, it said it was replaced with another beef recipe within the same brand.. upon arrival of my groceries the dog food I received was chicken.. 🤬 this is one of the very many items that were completely wrong. AND there was no receipt for me to return the items.   Sincerely,  Faithful this  app customer. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                                             
                               ⚠️   Share your Experience &amp; Warn Others  &raquo;  
                         
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Great iOS/iPadOS App, but it needs ONE urgent fix!  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-03-02
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by BLACKCAR PICTURES   
                             
                              This is a really great app, and we are sincerely big fans of it. We honestly do both use it all the time on both of our iPads and both of our iPhones to order our groceries for pick-up at our local this  app store. And we also love the ability to hand the order off to each other back and forth seamlessly as we are creating it. Kroger  obviously had a whole lot of serious thought put into it, and because of its many insightful features, it is very helpful, and very easy to use.  THERE IS HOWEVER, ONE SERIOUS FLAW that really does need to be fixed ASAP, because it is a source of CONSTANT AGGRAVATION when we are creating our grocery lists AND our store pick-up lists! On an iPad (or an iPhone), the flaw is this: When you use your finger to “thumb through” your list (and ours are always very long lists) so you can scan through them and see what you do and do not already have on your list, IT IS WAY TOO EASY TO “ACCIDENTALLY DELETE” A GROCERY ITEM!  And, as if that is not bad enough, when you do “accidentally delete” an item, there is NOT a convenient way to figure out what it was that you just accidentally deleted! This becomes a ridiculous “time-waster”, and our lives are way too busy for this. It actually detracts from some of the great convenience of having Kroger  in the first place! Thank you for your kind consideration of this problem! 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Local shopper  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-03-31
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Your Mahjong Is Too Pricey   
                             
                              Using the order pickup service for the first time. Just found out from my daughter today it was available! The site itself seems a little disorganized, thus pretty unwieldy. For me, it would have been much easier to shop, had all the like items been grouped together. For example, all the frozen dinners together, not interspersed around frozen sausage, ice cream, etc. Grouping like items together might not have been possible- I’m far from a software developer or website designer/manager. So this isn’t really a complaint, per se; it just would have made my online shopping a little easier. Just like in the brick and mortar store, a shopper wouldn’t go from the ice cream freezers back over to the frozen pizza section, then back to the ice cream, then back to the frozen pizzas. Just saying! If it weren’t for that, I’d give an easy 5 stars for the relative ease of browsing around the site as a whole. Also, I see I’m getting a $4.95 pickup fee waived for my first three orders. That’s great, but I should remind you WalMart pickup is always free. If you kept it free, I would tip the person bringing it to my car. Once you add on that fee, however, tipping will no longer be possible on my limited budget UNLESS you can reassure me the person bringing my order gets 100% of the surcharge. Fair enough? 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Newest update ruined a good service  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-05-02
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Montero 17   
                             
                              The newest update now forces you to choose a substitution for any item that they *predict* to be out of stock. And they predict almost everything will be out of stock. It took an extra 30 minutes to go through the list of substitutions on my most recent order.   After you have completed the entire shopping process and you check out, You get a warning that items are low in stock. Then you are forced to choose from this  app’s list of suggested substitutions (they show you red grapes to replace green grapes, for example). But here’s the kicker— once you add that suggested replacement, you go back through the checkout process and it tells you that the new item is now out of stock. They send you to a new list of substitutions that includes your original item, which of course you choose because that’s what you want. Then you go to checkout and it sends you back to the suggested substitutions page *that includes items that you previously chose*. Grrrre—It’s like a loop from he!! that you cannot escape. But if you walk into the store, they have both red and green grapes on the shelf. Soooooo frustrating. Surely it’s some sort of bug they will fix??? 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Having to use pick up after trying over 1 1/2 weeks to get delivery  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-06-02
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Kroger Forever   
                             
                              I also couldn’t get a pick up date when using my phone. I called the 800# and got no answer. I was told to try later several times.  I left a message and my name and phone and never heard anything. I finally decided to call the store directly, even though I thought they couldn’t help. The woman that answered was so nice and listened to me and suggested I call the 800#, of which I explained to her I already tried it several times. She was great. I just didn’t know what to do. I decided to try to use something besides my phone and at 3 am. It let me sign up for a pickup. This is not supposed to be this hard I think. I have shopped with you forever and I know things are crazy right now but this was suppose to be a delivery, not a pick up but I’ve had to wait so long, and I’m having to wait another week to be able to get this, so, I have to get it.  I want to thank all of you for being there and helping take care of all of us here. I just wish this had been a little easier. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Prepaid Kroger Debit Card  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-07-04
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by ßdzxdrez   
                             
                              Seriously? I cannot check out with my prepaid this  app debit card if I order groceries to be picked up? And yet I get incentive points to shop with this card? And my budget is set up so that my grocery & fuel monies are loaded on my card. Forget your hype on your wonderful online shopping, delivery & pick up &/or prepaid this  app debit card. Doesn’t work for me at all...and I am not happy about it!    Above review was written during last online shopping for pick up experience.  Last evening was better except my order froze & would not move forward until I turned phone off. I was quite concerned my order had not been submitted & all would be list. I think it’s all saved but we’ll know when I go pick up tomorrow.  It appears my Pre paid this  app card at check out this time. I do think I should be getting points though as I would be if I was using a this  app credit card.  I’m empathetic to the rush on groceries and the requests & demands from grocers has increased dramatically. Considering all of these conditions, this  app is doing well. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                                             
                               ⚠️   Share your Experience &amp; Warn Others  &raquo;  
                         
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Easy to Use and Helps Me Plan  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-08-04
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by ARUSSE52   
                             
                              At first I didn’t believe the hype about the this  app app and how it was so helpful but now I don’t think I can go back to shopping how I use to. Kroger  allows me to create my cart and plan out meals. I can add items as I am planning a meal and that helps me not forget what I need and allows me to check my cabinets to make sure I don’t have something already. While browsing online it shows me both the this  app brand and name brand items so I can always see which is on sale and get the best deal. It also will let you clip coupons for items in your cart or you can add coupons beforehand.  Kroger has allowed me to take advantage of my grocery budget and really get my money’s worth. I have eliminated some unnecessary spending that I usually do in the store but you can still find those items in Kroger  just by searching. I also like the ease of the search bar and the ability to look at past orders. Overall I give Kroger  a 5 star because it has helped me so much and makes my life a little simpler and is really easy to use. I’ve even showed my grandparents how to use it. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      HONEST REVIEW!! fast and friendly service!  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-09-05
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Zgildner89   
                             
                              AN HONEST REVIEW I ordered delivery which was amazingly fast! Using Walmart’s grocery pickup doesn’t have half the personalization/ communication/ and friendliness. For delivery they keep you up to date each step of the way and if they have to substitute an item they text you and ask what you would like instead in pretty plain as day detail! I have a condition that makes grocery shopping difficult and being the only place that does grocery delivery I’m exceedingly glad that it was such a great experience. The delivery fee is not that bad I live in the country so them getting me my groceries in a matter of a couple hours was astonishing after ordering. It was less than 2 hours from start to finish and the costs on many items were better. (Some not so much but that’s expected when you change to a new store) the convenience alone is well worth the difference which I have to say isn’t very much. Thank you this  app’s for the excellent service you provide it’s more than appreciated while I am trying to recover from my mental health issues. I’ll be looking forward to using  Kroger and service again! I recommend this to anyone looking for such a service. 5 stars, 10/10 service, America looks better with the ability to order burritos and have them delivered to your door lol! 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Seamless  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-10-07
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by The Phamily   
                             
                              All I do is browse coupons and the weekly ad. For the coupon you can choose which is relevant to what you’re looking for, Friday freebies, expiring soon, or all. your choice! And when you view a coupon you can add it to your this  app card or not. Bonus part is you can scroll up inside that coupon and there it will tell you the product the coupon is for, how much and what size. That’s amazing! You could also see exactly what the picture of the product you are choosing. For browsing the ad you have the option of a list of the sales, same as the coupon you can choose which to look at, produce, floral, etc. You could also view the ad itself and if you want to zoom in the photo and print of the ad it is still so clear! Amazing! I’ve only used 3 grocery store apps and this is by far the BEST and most equipped to handle everything I need in one. I’ve just tried the Click to Pickup feature (I’m sure I got the name wrong) I’ll update on that later. So far so good! Great job this  app! P.s. omg, don’t forget the points for fuel and giving back to the school of your choice options earns an A+ in my book! Love y’all! 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Step it up  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-11-07
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Tara0209   
                             
                              this  app you have had this program long enough that we should be seeing some basic improvements by now that we have all wanted from the beginning. This stupid thing about the rotisserie chicken needs to get taken care of once and for all. If I am picking up my groceries AFTER  11:00am then you need to let me put it in my cart! If I place my order before 11 it’s a no go! I need to put my order in before I go to work and pick it up after work...and I need a rotisserie chicken or two because I am a working mom and we are the ones that use your pick up service! This brings me to the next fundamental problem with your system. Your time between order placement and available order pick up it too long!!! There are times when I need to order my groceries and I would like to pick them up in 3 hours or sooner. Why can’t that happen? And wine! I need to be able to buy wine and pick it up! You can card me when I pick it up - hello??? If I am not 21, don’t give me the wine. And if you can get your delivery system up and running - that would be fantastic!!! But for real - just fix the rotisserie chicken ordering screw up in your program and I can be patient with the rest. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Krogering via picknclick  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2023-12-09
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Rusty-2   
                             
                              Awesome!  A little difficult with the fruits and veggies. But!! Once you realize that 1(one) banana is not the bunch of bananas, and 1 vine ripe tomato is not the-bunch of vine ripe tomatoes pictured...then it gets easier. You must select the number of bananas that you want... in the notes you can say keep in a 4 bunch medium size, small to medium length, or long length bananas etc. Green or ripe, etc...otherwise, with the counting of the bananas ... you will only receive 1 (one) banana.  This has been an awesome experience!! The staff have been attentive, personal and in it for the long haul of the virus and then some!! I’ve been very pleased. Substitution have been acceptable, and have been discussed upon the delivery. this  app should be commended for their overall outstanding rising to the occasion of COVID-19!! This is the safest way for everyone!! It also helps to keep their workplace( grocery store a safer place for the staff!!  Business can continue as usual with the exception that the general public needs to be accommodating as well!! By picking up your groceries... minimizes the contact of the general public - keeping an extremely safe distance to not allow the virus to spread. Nothing wrong with that!! No One ever really wants to become ill from any type of virus or flu!!  Thank you again this  app Teams!! 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                                             
                               ⚠️   Share your Experience &amp; Warn Others  &raquo;  
                         
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Shopper 100  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                                                                        2024-01-09
                                                                                                                 -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Deb Frm Ashland   
                             
                              I appreciate the this  app app. It is good in a lot of ways, but also has some problems. You have to be letter specific to bring up an item in the search engine or else it says “no results found”.  You have to add + to the quantity after you add an item to the cart, not the + box on the far right that you press before”add to cart” or else you can end up with a quantity of 97 yogurts. Also the categories aren’t set up right. Eggs & dairy, meats, beverages, paper products, yes. But some others, not so good.  I couldn’t find a wine I drink at all. I couldn’t find spaghetti sauce or lasagna noodles. However, I do like the scan feature you have added, and the memory feature in the search engine. One more thing you have changed that is very inconvenient for me is the coupons.  I spent a lot of time going through them, choosing things I may buy before they expire, only to discover those items were in my shopping cart, not loaded onto my this  app card like they used to be.  That’s why they’re coupons, not a shopping list. There’s another place for that, it’s called a shopping list.  You messed it up. I had to unload all of them but one.  Later when I’m ready to buy the other items that are coupons I will have to add them again. Why would you change that when it worked, to something that doesn’t work now? 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Former great app reduced to glitchy mess  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Ayoshi   
                             
                              I’ve loved  Kroger the past few years when it came to keeping track of my shopping lists and current this  app prices. It was very easy to build a list of all items you regularly buy, and then mark them as needed or unneeded to prep for your shopping trip. I could see current sales, and load digital coupons for items I wanted to buy. In the past couple months, they’ve updated Kroger  numerous times and it just keeps getting messier and glitches and harder to navigate. Sometimes I can find my shopping list, and other times I cannot. Sometimes even when I find the shopping list feature, it doesn’t have my items saved in it... but then a couple days later it does. Their newest update says “New Shopping List screen, with new look and feel to make your shopping experience better”, however after updating Kroger , I’m back to not being able to find the shopping list screen anywhere in Kroger  again. It looks like they’ve added some new features, but the design of Kroger  is just a mess with no logical way to find or use anything. I’m usually app-savvy, but the layout here is very confusing. What good are app updates if I can’t even find the screens to use them? Come on this  app - Help us customers out! 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Counter-intuitive update  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by QuirkEmojo   
                             
                              This was an awesome app. Key word: WAS. Now it’s counterintuitive, EXTREMELY time consuming, error-riddled, and frustrating. Key features appear to have been removed or hidden, there’s a bar across the bottom, blocking part of the screen, to get me to shop ‘in-store’ -don’t even think about hitting it, it’s like an Alice-goes-down-the-rabbit-hole experience! To add insult to injury, it keeps bumping me to the website instead of Kroger  when I want to see the specials! I can take a hint: It now appears there are features, such as ‘Cash Back’, that are ONLY available on the website. The last couple times I’ve been in the store I’ve had to resort to asking employees for help, because Kroger  wouldn’t work/didn’t recognize the item (even once the employee found it for me and I tried scanning it), or the features are so jumbled I cannot figure them out. The coupon feature won’t even let you scan a barcode, and you have to type in exact wording for each product or it brings up everything even vaguely related with such a long list it takes too long to scroll through.  Kroger has gone to trash with the latest version. ‘Discover Our Products’ slogan is a laughable joke now. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Missing Items From My Orders  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by SpecsTech   
                             
                              I have mostly been a fan of ClickList since it’s release (when staff doesn’t forget to bring all my crates from the refrigerated storage and make me drive back to get them), but I am beyond frustrated with ordering through Kroger .   Several times now I have had incomplete orders where items I submitted through my shopping cart were not included in the final purchase. It’s like they disappear from Kroger  once the order has been placed and this  app employees don’t even know they were ordered. On these occasions, I receive no notice from this  app that items were unavailable or need substitutions. Yet when I pick up my order, sometimes half my items are not there and aren’t listed when I review my past purchases in Kroger . Today, I specifically noted the total sale amount when I completed my order through Kroger , and it should have been over $180. However, my paper receipt shows only $121 and NONE of the fresh meats or produce I ordered was received.   I will stick to placing my ClickList orders solely through the website from now on and hope it is only an issue with Kroger . If my orders are still not filled correctly, I will be taking my business elsewhere. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Pick up and delivery  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Cindia Borden   
                             
                              Every time I attempt to order groceries I have an impossible time getting the order to go through. I spent over 3 hours this morning ordering food and then all pick up and file very. Would not take my this  app card . Please correct this. I can’t hotheadedness pick up and delivery if I cannot get it to preform as advertised. I was in the hospital yesterday until night. I started at 12:45. 3;90 pm, when I completed. Storetoladme to call instacart who couldn’t help me, intsacart told me to call the store. It is useless if I cannot get it to work. Did not recognize my address or this  app card. Please correct the problem. I have used app many times and live five minutes from store. It finally gave me the wrong time. The order number is not findable to insta cart. I called like I said but, I certainly started well before time limit. I am really upset about this. It is supposed to be for convenience and for those who really need service, which is me this week useless if those who need it have to make many phone calls without success. Please check into this organization and get sort out the problem. My shopper card number was unrecognized as well as not recognizing my this  app card for shoppers which is really irritating in the list 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                                             
                               ⚠️   Share your Experience &amp; Warn Others  &raquo;  
                         
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Not friendly enough  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Strickland5   
                             
                              There are things that I am made to sub out because it states my store doesn’t carry it when I know that’s absolutely false. Do a better job of inventory.  My shopping list needs to stay attached to my order history for at least a day or two after my order is placed. There is no way for me to check my order to what was pulled for me. I’ve gotten home with things missing that I know I put in my cart, but we’re missing on my receipt. There’s no way to check that.  The produce at all this  app stores is notoriously awful so asking teenage kids to pick my produce, most of whom have never had to do it or been trained how to, means I get the worst possible selection. Half a pound of strawberries are rotten, moldy blueberries, etc.  When the clicklist shoppers are selecting perishables they should select the furthest date. I’ve received bread that was moldy within a few days and the date was the day I purchased.  If I’m paying a fee for this service I expect to not only get a convenience, but the same quality groceries that I would select myself. There’s no excuse for not doing better. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Underwhelmed by this app  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Laker396   
                             
                              As most would imagine I expected that this  app would have an amazing app considering they are such a large food chain and I have been with them for as many years as I have been in charge of my own wallet when it comes to food. But so far the customer service has been horrible they have dropped the ball with my credit card that took over a week to correct because they continue to think that it was my banks issue when in reality it was their mistake and the latest problem Is that they have now taken off their purchase history from Kroger  so no longer can I just go to my purchase history and find items that I have previously bought I cannot fathom why that particular feature would be removed I have shopped on so many food websites and that is one of my favorite go to spots I always reference back in order to remember purchases that I have made that I enjoyed and maybe just can’t remember or just to make my shopping trip that much easier so very disappointed this  app I guess we will be moving on....🙄 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      2 Star Rating should be a 5 Star Rating  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by IloveClicklist   
                             
                              I really like shopping by Clicklist. When my husband was ill, getting chemo and going to drs appt, it was a life saver. Today was the only time I have had a problem. I put an order in very early this morning, set pick up for 4-5 pm. Got reminder email about 2 pm, that my order would be ready for pickup at 4-5 pm. Went to this  app at the appropriate time. The store had a system glitch, earlier in the day, that cancelled my order (according to customer service). I was told I should have gotten an email or text explaining what happened. (I didn’t.) My app is showing the order as still “In Progress”. I was told to put my order again, which I did for pick up tomorrow. My only concern is that the “in progress” order will charge to my bank card. I did change the card for this order so we can tell them apart.  I realize computer glitches happen. I gave a 2 star rating to get someone’s attention. Overall I would give Clicklist and the associates and the customer service rep a 5+ star rating.  They are very polite and knowledgeable. I will continue to shop with Clicklist. 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Making it simple  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Ruthy209   
                             
                              There are not enough hours in the day sometimes to worry about stopping at the grocery store or to go in and shop around, but we all do this. Sometimes there is no option until now.... this  app has click and go app that’s make life easy for people who need more time. This is how it works just  go on your this  app’s app or down load it in your App Store put in your info and this  app’s card number and shop on line during your lunch break while you are eating or smoking that easy then proceed to check out and pick up curb side at your convenience. I have been doing this now when I don’t feel like shopping. This is another way to avoid impulse buys, I only know because I am a impulse shopper this has cut our food by half and that is money we can put into other areas. this  app’s has made it easy for  everyone to just click and go and avoid  the shopping lines they even deliver it to your car you park at the curbside pickup and follow direction on the sign and they deliver to your car. I give this convenience a thumbs up........ 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Kroger App Review  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by SICA Sue 4 U   
                             
                              Most of the reviews for  Kroger are a year plus old.  I am so grateful tonight for  Kroger and my experience and I wanted to write a review for it.  I literally spent 10 minutes loading my cart, checking out, and setting up delivery with the this  app app tonight.  I've never had a poor experience Inside my local store. However, I've never been able to complete a shopping trip in less than an hour either. Tonight marks the change of a routine we will use in my house in the future. Busy schedules, growing children, and LIFE in general leaves us with not enough hours in the day to waste. I am thankful for the experience of having extra time with my family tonight simply by using  Kroger. As well as having groceries delivered to me by someone who was kind, professional, and timely.  This - in my opinion - is a game changer for families in this day and age who have to complete necessary tasks, yet still maintain TIME to fit in important activities. This is technology at its greatest!   Thank you this  app! 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                                             
                               ⚠️   Share your Experience &amp; Warn Others  &raquo;  
                         
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Coupons  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by M638184   
                             
                              I receive valuable coupons in the mail. I appreciate them, but I always forget them at home when I go to the store. I don’t understand why those good coupons, like $16 off a $160 purchase can’t be offered in  Kroger and save the cost of printing it and mailing it to me. I was so frustrated when I realized I forgot it that day at the store. Now I still have it in my purse with the receipt from that day. I have done click lists since that day and not been back in the store to get the reimbursement still. Just a frustrating thing. I hate to complain about receiving a discount of any type, but I feel like it was sent by mail to intrigue me to spend an extra $60 that day, and that the marketing company knows there is a huge chance I would forget the coupon and never actually use it. Which is exactly what happened. I love this  app and I don’t want to think that way! Other than that I am a very happy customer and can’t wait for grocery delivery in our area!!! 
                         
                     

                                         
                
                 
                    
                     

                         
                         
                             
                             
                             
                         

  
                      
                         

                             
                                 
                                      Finally got it right! Yay!!  
                                 
                                 
                                                                                   
                                                                         -->
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                             
                                       by Rendaphillips   
                             
                              *update* (added stars) Am liking the changes and fixes! Thank you! Shopping list issues have been resolved. Like the added feature of being able to “add to list” rather just “add to cart” my sale items and items I purchase often because...my closest store doesn’t do ClickList.  **update** Added a star. Aisles have returned. However, still having issues with shopping list. When I check off or delete an item, it returns a few seconds later. Now my list has several weeks worth of items that I can't get rid of. Going to website to see it it'll update there.   **Update** Now Kroger  is doing away with multiple shopping lists. This was a function used quite often if I was buying for more than one occasion. i.e. shopping for family and shopping for a party.  **Original post** I mostly use Kroger  for weekly sale ad and shopping list. I'm not sure what they did, but the shopping list is pretty useless now. It used to break it down by aisles and categories. Aisles are in the description, which is confusing. It was much easier when the aisle category/header existed. At one time, it was so convenient to make the shopping list on my phone so my husband could pick up a things. "Aisle 2," boom, boom, boom...done. Now it takes him 3x longer hunting for everything because it's not clearly labeled. Latest update is a fail on the changes to the shopping list. 
                         
                     

                                         
                            

                                             
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                           Roxie Schell
                                 
                                 
                                     2022-08-21 
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                                                         Using the Pay Now feature mostly needs assistance from the cashier. Any ideas why it occasionally works but most of the time doesn't work? 
                         
                     
                 
                                 
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                           Chris
                                 
                                 
                                     2022-05-24 
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                                                         Kroger pay error code KC2617. Kroger responds that their working on it. I wonder if it’s a breach issue that that they don’t want people to know about. Stop using Kroger app, it may not be safe! 
                         
                     
                 
                                 
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                           Pamela Bakka
                                 
                                 
                                     2022-03-28 
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                                                         What is wrong with your app?! I can't seem to use it for coupons at all- it keeps saying no savings at this time. This is ridiculous all I want to know is what's on sale and if there's a digital coupon for it. I have never been able to figure out the digital coupon part and the gals that work there don't seem to know either.
Why haven't app that is so confusing and hard to use?! 
                         
                     
                 
                                 
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                           Ya  Smith
                                 
                                 
                                     2021-08-16 
                                 
                             
                         
                         
                                                         "Compatibility
    iPhone
        Requires iOS 13.0 or later. "
How about the old iphone user? 
                         
                     
                 
                            
               
             


           
 
 

 

            

             
             
                     
             
                 
                     Is Kroger Safe? 🙏 
                 
                
                     
                          
                        Kroger is very safe to use.
                         JustUseApp Safety Score  for Kroger is  66.6/100 .

                           
                        This assessment is based on our NLP analysis of 1,268,858 user reviews.

                                                  Combined with the app store average rating of 4.8/5.
                          
                         
                       
                     
               
             
              


                         
                 
                     
                         
                           Safety Analysis  
                         
                     
                 

                 

                     
                                           
                    
                                                 
                              85.3% of users say app is safe 👍  
                             
                                  85.3%  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                           
                    
                                                 
                              12.9% of users have some concerns ⚠️  
                             
                                  12.9%  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                           
                    
                                                 
                              1.8% of users say app is risky 🚨  
                             
                                  1.8%  
                             
                         
                         
                              
                           
                                         
                  
              
            
            
             
             
             
                 
                     Is Kroger Legit? 💯 
                 
                
                     
                            
                            Kroger looks authentic and legitimate.
                            Our NLP models processed user feedback to estimate legitimacy.  JustUseApp Legitimacy Score  for Kroger is   66.6/100   .

                               This conclusion is based on analysis of 1,268,858 user reviews.  
                         
                     
               
             
             
              


                         
                 
                     🔏 Privacy & Data Safety 
                 
                
                     Kroger collected the following data from you:      
                     
                                                     
                                   Data Used to Track You : 
                                   
                                                                                 Contact Info 
                                                                                 Identifiers 
                                                                                 Usage Data 
                                                                         
                             
                                                     
                                   Data Linked to You : 
                                   
                                                                                 Purchases 
                                                                                 Location 
                                                                                 Contact Info 
                                                                                 User Content 
                                                                                 Search History 
                                                                                 Identifiers 
                                                                                 Usage Data 
                                                                                 Diagnostics 
                                                                                 Other Data 
                                                                         
                             
                                                     
                                   Data Not Linked to You : 
                                   
                                                                                 Health &amp; Fitness 
                                                                         
                             
                                             
               
              
             



            
                           Pricing Plans  💸 
              **Pricing data is based on average subscription prices reported by Justuseapp.com users.. 
             
                     
                      
                     
                     
                          
                         Duration 
                         Amount (USD) 
                          
                         
                                                         
                                 Weekly Subscription 
                                 $15.03 
                                                                                                              
                     
                     
                  
               
            


          ﻿

                
                                 How was your experience with Kroger? Post a Review
                             
             
             
                 
                     
                         
                             Leave a comment: 
                          -->
                         
                          
                             
                                   
                        
                        
                             Leave a comment: -->
                              
                             
                                
                                 
                                     Your Name * 
                                     
                                 

                                 
                                     First Name * 
                                     
                                 

                                 
                                     Your Email * 
                                     
                                 
                                 
                                     Your Message * 
                                      
                                 
                                 
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                 
                                      

                                      

                                     

                                      POST COMMENT
                                     

                             

                         

                             
                          
                     
                 
               
             


            


          


          

             
                 
                     
                         
                             
                                    Features 
                             
                         
                     
                     
                         
                                                                                - Create and track Pickup, Delivery, and Ship orders  - Shop from an extended aisle of products from trusted third-party sellers  - Use Kroger Pay at in-store checkout  - Build online shopping lists and use them to shop in-store or place online orders  - View weekly ads and add sale items or specials to shopping lists  - Clip digital coupons and use them to save in-store and online  - Get Cash Back deals to earn money on items already purchased  - Discover exclusive promotions, personalized offers, and bonus rewards  - Refill and track the status of Kroger Pharmacy prescriptions  - Check fuel points  - Use the locator to find the closest store or Fuel Center  - View purchase history and easily reorder favorite products  - Add Plus Card to Wallet for iPhone. 
                                                             
                     
                 
              


                         
             
               
                 
                     
                              &nbsp; Contact Support  
                     
                 

                 
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                     
                                         Developer: 
                                     
                                     
                                          The Kroger Co.
                                     
                                  
                                                                 
                                     
                                          Contact e-Mail:
                                         
                                     
                                     
                                             &nbsp;  https://www.kroger.com/topic/contact-us 
                                     
                                  
                                                                                                 
                                     
                                         Website:
                                         
                                     
                                     
                                          🌐   www.kroger.com 
                                     
                                  
                                                                                                 
                                     
                                         Privacy Policy:
                                         
                                     
                                     
                                          ⚔️  https://www.kroger.com/topic/privacy-policy 
                                     
                                 
                                                             
                         
                     
                 

                
             
                         

            
                          
                 
                         
                                  &nbsp;Alternatives 
                         
                          
                             
                                                                       
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Amazon Shopping     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Walmart - Shopping &amp; Grocery     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Target     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Etsy: Custom &amp; Creative Goods     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 OfferUp - Buy. Sell. Letgo.     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Kroger Delivery Now     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Kroger Fresh Mode     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Nike SNKRS: Sneaker Release     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Hollister So Cal Style     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                         
                                             
                                                 
                                                     
                                                         
                                                             

                                                             
                                                                 Klarna | Shop now. Pay later.     

                                                             
                                                         
                                                     
                                                 
                                             
                                         
                                                                 
                             
                         
                  
                         

          


        
      
      


      
 


 
{
    "@context": "https://schema.org",
    "@type": "FAQPage",
    "mainEntity": [
        {
            "@type": "Question",
            "name": "Is Kroger Safe?",
            "acceptedAnswer": {
                "@type": "Answer",
                "text": "Kroger is very safe to use.  JustUseApp Safety Score  for Kroger is  66.6/100  This assessment is based on our NLP analysis of 1,268,858 user reviews."
            }
        },
        {
            "@type": "Question",
            "name": "Is Kroger Legit?",
            "acceptedAnswer": {
                "@type": "Answer",
                "text": "Kroger looks authentic and legitimate. Our NLP models processed user feedback to estimate legitimacy.  JustUseApp Legitimacy Score  for Kroger is   66.6/100    This conclusion is based on analysis of 1,268,858 user reviews."
            }
        }
    ]
}
 


  
 
   


 
function scamaiGoFromInput(form, utmSource, utmMedium, utmCampaign) {
    var raw = (form.domain && form.domain.value || '').trim();
    if (!/^https?:\/\//i.test(raw)) raw = 'https://' + raw;
    var host = new URL(raw).hostname.toLowerCase();
    host = host.replace(/^www\./, '');
    var target = 'https://webvetted.com/detect/domain/quick_check?domain=' + encodeURIComponent(host)
    //var target = 'https://scamai.com/?input=' + encodeURIComponent(host)
        + '&utm_source=' + encodeURIComponent(utmSource)
        + '&utm_medium=' + encodeURIComponent(utmMedium)
        + '&utm_campaign=' + encodeURIComponent(utmCampaign);
    window.open(target, '_blank', 'noopener');
    return false;
}
 

 
    $(document).ready(function() {
        $(".fancybox").fancybox();
    });
 
  
  
  
 
    //lazy loading
    $('.container img').imgLazyLoad({
        // jquery selector or JS object
        container: window,
        // jQuery animations: fadeIn, show, slideDown
        effect: 'fadeIn',
        // animation speed
        speed: 600,
        // animation delay
        delay: 400,
        // callback function
        callback: function(){}
    });
 
 
$(function(){ /* to make sure the script runs after page load */
  $('.item').each(function(event){ /* select all divs with the item class */
    var max_length = 300; /* set the max content length before a read more link will be added */  
    if($(this).html().length > max_length){ /* check for content length */
      
      var short_content   = $(this).html().substr(0,max_length); /* split the content in two parts */
      var long_content  = $(this).html().substr(max_length);

      $(this).html(short_content+
             ' ...  Show more     '+
             ' '+long_content+' '); /* Alter the html to allow the read more functionality */
      $(this).find('a.read_more').click(function(event){ /* find the a.read_more element within the new html and bind the following code to it */
        event.preventDefault(); /* prevent the a from changing the url */
        $(this).hide(); /* hide the read more button */
        $(this).parents('.item').find('.more_text').show(); /* show the .more_text span */
     
      }); 
    }
  });
});
 
 
function truncateText(selector, maxLines) {
  var elements = document.querySelectorAll(selector);
  for (var i = 0; i   maxHeight) {
      var words = currentText.split(' ');
      var truncatedText = '';
      var truncatedHeight = 0;
      while (truncatedHeight   ..Show more &#x276F; ';
        truncatedHeight = element.clientHeight;
      }
      element.addEventListener('click', function(e) {
        e.preventDefault();
        element.innerHTML = currentText + '';
      });
      element.classList.add('truncated');
    }
  }
}
truncateText('div.featshorten', 10);
 

 
function truncateText(selector, maxLines) {
  var elements = document.querySelectorAll(selector);
  for (var i = 0; i   maxHeight) {
      var words = currentText.split(' ');
      var truncatedText = '';
      var truncatedHeight = 0;
      while (truncatedHeight   ...see more benefits &#x276F; ';
        truncatedHeight = element.clientHeight;
      }
      element.addEventListener('click', function(e) {
        e.preventDefault();
        element.innerHTML = currentText + '';
      });
      element.classList.add('truncated');
    }
  }
}
truncateText('div.proshorten', 10);
 

   

 
     
                     
                 
                     

                                                 
                             Contact 
                         
                         
                             Sitemap 
                         
                        
                         
                             Developers 
                         

                         
                             Terms 
                         

                         
                             Privacy 
                         -->
                        

                                                     
                                 Terms and Conditions 
                             
                                                     
                                 Privacy Policy 
                             
                                                     
                                 Legitimacy &amp; Safety Scores 
                             
                                             
                 
                 
                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                 
             

             
                 
             
                 © 2026 Justuseapp. All rights reserved. 
             
             
                 
     
                 Light   
     
     
         
             
              
         
     
 

 
    $(function(){ /* to make sure the script runs after page load */
    //OLD - window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function () {
        // Change the css file on input checkbox change
        document.querySelector('#dark-switch') && document.querySelector('#dark-switch').addEventListener('change', function(e) {
            const appCss = document.querySelector('#app-css');

            if(e.target.checked) {
                appCss.setAttribute('href', 'https://justuseapp.com/css/app.dark.css');
                setCookie('dark_mode', 1, new Date().getTime() + (10 * 365 * 24 * 60 * 60 * 1000), '/');
                document.querySelector('#dark-theme > div > label > span > span').textContent = 'Dark';
            } else {
                appCss.setAttribute('href', 'https://justuseapp.com/css/app.css');
                setCookie('dark_mode', 0, new Date().getTime() + (10 * 365 * 24 * 60 * 60 * 1000), '/');
                document.querySelector('#dark-theme > div > label > span > span').textContent = 'Light';
            }

            e.stopPropagation();
        });
    });
 
                             
         
     

      
     
         
            
             
                  Protect yourself online with Justuseapp Privacy Cards  
                 
                     
                 
             

             
                 
                       How does it work?   
                    
                     Signup for Justuseapp Cards. 
                     Create up-to 24 virtual cards per month. 
                     Using your Justuseapp card, signup for unlimited subscriptions and free trials without worry. Your real card info stays hidden. 
                     Cancel a subscription / trial at anytime by blocking the site or app on your Justuseapp Card. Zero stress. 
                     Be safe from hackers and unwanted bills. Get started today! 
                    
                 
             

             
                                      Create my Justuseapp card 
             

         
     
  
 (function(w,d,s,l,i){w[l]=w[l]||[];w[l].push({'gtm.start':
new Date().getTime(),event:'gtm.js'});var f=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],
j=d.createElement(s),dl=l!='dataLayer'?'&l='+l:'';j.async=true;j.src=
'https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtm.js?id='+i+dl;f.parentNode.insertBefore(j,f);
})(window,document,'script','dataLayer','GTM-TJHM9W27'); 

 
    
     
    
 
 
 





 
 





