SOURCE: [url withheld] host=sec.gov
FORM: 8-K
FILED: 2026-02-27
ACCEPTED: 2026-02-27T21:37:28.000Z
ITEMS: 2.02,7.01,9.01
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-07-31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

8-K

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 26, 2026

FTI CONSULTING, INC.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Maryland

001-14875

52-1261113

(State or Other Jurisdiction
of Incorporation)

(Commission
File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

555 12th Street NW , Washington , D.C. 20004

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (202) 312-9100
Not applicable
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading
Symbol(s)

Name of each Exchange
on which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

FCN

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

ITEM 2.02.
Results of Operations and Financial Condition

On February 26, 2026, FTI Consulting, Inc. (“FTI Consulting” or the “Company”) issued a press release announcing financial results for the three months and full year ended December 31, 2025. A copy of the press release (including accompanying financial tables) (the “Press Release”) is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is hereby incorporated by reference herein. The Company also held a conference call on February 26, 2026 to announce financial results for the three months and full year ended December 31, 2025. The text of the transcript of the conference call is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company uses a presentation from time to time in its discussions with investors and analysts (the “Presentation”). The Presentation includes FTI Consulting’s past and present financial results, operating data and other information. A copy of the Presentation is furnished as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and has been posted to the FTI Consulting website at www.fticonsulting.com.

ITEM 7.01.
Regulation FD Disclosure

In the Press Release and Presentation and during the call, FTI Consulting may have used or discussed information derived from consolidated and segment financial information that may not be presented in its financial statements or prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”). Certain of these measures are considered “non-GAAP financial measures” under rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Specifically, the Company may have referred to the following non-GAAP financial measures:

-

Total Segment Operating Income

-

Adjusted Segment EBITDA

-

Total Adjusted Segment EBITDA

-

Adjusted EBITDA

-

Adjusted EBITDA Margin

-

Adjusted Net Income

-

Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share

-

Free Cash Flow

FTI Consulting has included the definition of Segment Operating Income (Loss), which is a GAAP financial measure, below in order to more fully define the components of certain non-GAAP financial measures in the accompanying analysis of financial information.
FTI Consulting defines Segment Operating Income (Loss) as a segment’s share of consolidated operating income. FTI Consulting defines Total Segment Operating Income, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as the total of Segment Operating Income (Loss) for all segments, which excludes unallocated corporate expenses. The Company uses Segment Operating Income (Loss) for the purpose of calculating Adjusted Segment EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. FTI Consulting defines Adjusted Segment EBITDA as Segment Operating Income (Loss) before depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, remeasurement of acquisition-related contingent consideration, special charges and goodwill impairment charges. The Company uses Adjusted Segment EBITDA as a basis to internally evaluate the financial performance of its segments because the Company believes it reflects core operating performance and provides an indicator of the segment’s ability to generate cash. FTI Consulting defines Total Adjusted Segment EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as the total of Adjusted Segment EBITDA for all segments, which excludes unallocated corporate expenses.
FTI Consulting defines Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as consolidated net income before income tax provision, other non-operating income (expense), depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, remeasurement of acquisition-related contingent consideration, special charges, goodwill impairment charges, gain or loss on sale of a business and losses on early extinguishment of debt. FTI Consulting defines Adjusted EBITDA Margin, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenues. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with its GAAP financial results and GAAP financial measures, provide management and investors with a more complete understanding of FTI Consulting’s operating results, including underlying trends. In addition, EBITDA is a common alternative measure of operating performance used by many of FTI Consulting’s competitors. It is used by investors, financial analysts, rating agencies and others to value and compare the financial performance of companies in FTI Consulting’s industry. Therefore, the Company also believes that these non-GAAP financial measures, considered along with corresponding GAAP financial measures, provide management and investors with useful supplemental information.
FTI Consulting defines Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Diluted Share (“Adjusted EPS”), which are non-GAAP financial measures, as net income and earnings per diluted share (“EPS”), respectively, excluding the impact of remeasurement of acquisition-related contingent consideration, special charges, goodwill impairment charges, the gain or loss on sale of a business, and losses on early extinguishment of debt. The Company uses Adjusted Net Income for the purpose of calculating Adjusted EPS. Management uses Adjusted EPS to assess total Company operating performance on a consistent basis. The Company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures, when considered together with its GAAP financial results and GAAP financial measures, provide management and investors with useful supplemental information on its business operating results, including underlying trends.

1

FTI Consulting defines Free Cash Flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less cash payments for purchases of property and equipment. The Company believes this non-GAAP financial measure, when considered together with its GAAP financial results, provides management and investors with useful supplemental information on the Company’s ability to generate cash for ongoing business operations and capital deployment.
Non-GAAP financial measures are not defined in the same manner by all companies and may not be comparable with other similarly titled measures of other companies. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for or superior to, the information contained in FTI Consulting’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the accompanying tables to the Press Release, the Presentation, and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the SEC on February 26, 2026.
The information included herein, including Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2, and Exhibit 99.3 furnished herewith, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be incorporated by reference into any filing pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

ITEM 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

99.1

Press Release dated February 26, 2026 of FTI Consulting, Inc.

99.2

Transcript dated February 26, 2026 of FTI Consulting, Inc.

99.3

2025 Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call Presentation of FTI Consulting, Inc.

104

The Cover Page from FTI Consulting’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL.

2

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, FTI Consulting, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FTI CONSULTING, INC.

Dated: February 27, 2026

By:

/s/ CURTIS P. LU

Name:

Curtis P. Lu

Title:

General Counsel

3