This document has been translated from the Japanese original for
reference purposes only. In the event of any discrepancy between this
translated document and the Japanese original, the original shall prevail.




                                                                              July 10, 2026


                                         Company name:      Gyet Co., Ltd.
                                         Representative:    Tatsuya Kimura,
                                                            Representative Director
                                                            and President
                                                            (Securities code: 7603;
                                                            Tokyo Stock Exchange
                                                            Standard Market)
                                         Inquiries:         Daisuke Kobayashi,
                                                            Director and General
                                                            Manager of Management
                                                            Division
                                                            (Telephone: +81-3-3316-1911)



  Notice Regarding Recording of Extraordinary Income, Extraordinary Loss, Non-
    Operating Income and Non-Operating Expenses, and Change in Accounting
                   Treatment for Crypto Asset-Denominated Fund

Gyet Co., Ltd. (hereinafter "the Company") announces that it has recorded
extraordinary income, extraordinary loss, non-operating income, and non-operating
expenses during the first quarter cumulative consolidated period of Fiscal Year Ending
February 2027 (March 1, 2026 to May 31, 2026).
The Company also announces that it has decided to change the accounting treatment
for the crypto asset-denominated fund as described below.




1. Details of Extraordinary Income
At the Board of Directors meeting held on January 29, 2026, the Company resolved to
acquire all shares of COEN CO., LTD. (hereinafter "COEN CO., LTD.") held by UNITED
ARROWS LTD. and to make COEN CO., LTD. a wholly owned subsidiary, and
completed the acquisition of all shares of COEN CO., LTD. on March 2, 2026.
As a result, COEN CO., LTD. has been included in the scope of consolidation from the
first quarter consolidated accounting period of Fiscal Year Ending February 2027. As
the allocation of acquisition cost has not yet been completed, provisional accounting
treatment related to the allocation of acquisition cost has been applied, resulting in the
recording of a gain on negative goodwill of 664 million yen as extraordinary income.
In the consolidated earnings forecast for Fiscal Year Ending February 2027 included in
the "Financial Results for Fiscal Year February 2026 [Japanese GAAP] (Non-
Consolidated)" announced by The Company on April 14, 2026, gain on negative
goodwill of 684 million yen was anticipated in the second half of the fiscal year as the
impact of business combination accounting associated with the acquisition of COEN
CO., LTD. As a result of the current provisional accounting treatment, 664 million yen
has been recorded in the first quarter cumulative consolidated period, representing a
change in both the timing and amount of recognition compared to the initial forecast.
Please note that the said amount has been provisionally calculated and may change
upon finalization of the allocation of acquisition cost and other factors.


2. Details of Extraordinary Loss
During the first quarter cumulative consolidated period, as a result of reviewing the
future recoverability of store assets and other assets held by the Company and its
consolidated subsidiaries, an impairment loss of 66 million yen has been recorded as
an extraordinary loss.


3. Details of Non-Operating Expenses
During the first quarter cumulative consolidated period, as a result of incorporating
the Company's proportionate share of the profit and loss of AltPlus Inc., an equity-
method affiliate of The Company, an investment loss under the equity method of 37
million yen has been recorded as a non-operating expense.


4. Change in Accounting Treatment for Crypto Asset-Denominated Fund and
Recording of Non-Operating Income
As of March 31, 2026, the Company invested in a BTC-denominated fund (hereinafter
"the Fund") that invests in crypto assets, using Bitcoin (BTC) held by the Company as
the source of funds.
Regarding the valuation and investment performance of the Fund, following
discussions with the auditing firm and a review of the accounting treatment, the
investment performance after contribution to the Fund has been recorded as
unrealized gains on other securities in net assets of 46 million yen.
On the other hand, unrealized gains arising during the period when the Company held
the assets on its own account prior to contribution to the Fund are no longer recorded
as net sales from the current fiscal year, and have instead been recorded as crypto
asset valuation gains of 93 million yen under non-operating income.
As a result, in the first quarter cumulative consolidated period, compared to the case
where accounting treatment was applied based on the initial policy, net sales
decreased by 161 million yen and non-operating income increased by 93 million yen,
resulting in a decrease of 67 million yen in ordinary income.
Please note that this change does not constitute a change in accounting policy as
defined under Accounting Standards Board of Japan Statement No. 24, "Accounting
Standard for Accounting Changes and Error Corrections."
5. Impact on Business Performance
The extraordinary income, extraordinary loss, non-operating income, non-operating
expenses, and change in accounting treatment for the crypto asset-denominated fund
described above are reflected in the "Summary of Financial Results for the First
Quarter of Fiscal Year Ending February 2027 [Japanese GAAP] (Consolidated)"
announced today.
The gain on negative goodwill has already been incorporated into the consolidated
earnings forecast for Fiscal Year Ending February 2027 announced on April 14, 2026;
the current changes are that the timing of recognition has been changed from the
second half to the first quarter, and the recognized amount has been changed from
684 million yen to 664 million yen, respectively.
Furthermore, while the impact on ordinary income due to the change in accounting
treatment described in item 4 above is a decrease of approximately 67 million yen,
based on information currently available and after comprehensively considering the
business progress of the entire group including COEN CO., LTD., projected cost
incurrence, inventory valuation, and other factors, the Company has determined that
the results are within the range of the previously announced consolidated earnings
forecasts for the second quarter cumulative consolidated period and the full fiscal
year.
Therefore, the Company has not made any changes at this time to the consolidated
earnings forecasts for the second quarter cumulative consolidated period and the full
fiscal year. Should any revision to the earnings forecast become necessary in the
future, the Company will promptly make an announcement.
Please note that forward-looking statements regarding earnings forecasts and other
matters contained in this document are based on information available to The
Company as of the date of this announcement and certain assumptions that The
Company considers reasonable, and actual results may differ materially due to various
factors.
