SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finnhub.io
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finnhub.io
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31T23:30:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-31 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-03T21:34:43Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a paid press release. Contact the press release distributor directly with any inquiries.
EnerCom Announces SM Energy as a Keynote Speaker at the 31st EnerCom Denver - The Energy Investment Conference, on August 19, 2026, in Denver, Colorado
Sponsorship opportunities are available for companies seeking to increase their market presence
DENVER, July 31, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- EnerCom, Inc. ("EnerCom") is pleased to announce that Beth McDonald, President & CEO of industry leader SM Energy, has been confirmed as a keynote speaker at the 31st annual EnerCom Denver – The Energy Investment Conference, on August 19, 2026, at the Westin Denver Downtown.
Other keynote speakers participating in the conference include Ron Gusek, CEO of Liberty Energy.
Recognized as the largest independent investor conference serving the global oil and gas industry and the broader energy sector, EnerCom Denver brings together public and private energy companies, institutional investors, family offices, analysts, and industry leaders from across the energy value chain. Attendees are encouraged to mark their calendars as EnerCom once again convenes the industry's leading decision-makers for three days of unparalleled networking opportunities, high-level presentations, and meetings.
About Beth McDonald
Ms. McDonald joined SM Energy as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in September 2024. In September 2025, Ms. McDonald was appointed to the position of President. In January 2026, Ms. McDonald was appointed to President and Chief Executive Officer, and to the Board of Directors. As CEO, Ms. McDonald led the merger of SM Energy and Civitas Resources, expanding the company's scale across the highest-return U.S. shale basins.
Ms. McDonald has more than 25 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. Prior to joining SM Energy, Ms. McDonald most recently served as Executive Vice President – Strategic Planning, Field Development and Marketing for Pioneer Natural Resources Company. For approximately the last twenty years, Ms. McDonald worked in roles of increasing responsibility at Pioneer, holding leadership positions focusing on both the Permian Basin and South Texas. Prior to joining Pioneer, Beth held various engineering roles at Hess Corporation and Total E&P USA.
Ms. McDonald currently serves as an Industry Board Member for the Harold Vance Department of Petroleum Engineering at Texas A&M University and is a member of the Advanced Women Executives in Energy.
BS, Petroleum Engineering, Texas A&M University, Professional Engineer, Texas.
EnerCom Denver – The Energy Investment Conference kicks off with the annual Charity Golf Tournament on Monday, August 17th at Colorado National Golf Club. The golf event is sponsored by global sponsor Netherland, Sewell & Associates, and EnerCom. The tournament. is a fundraiser for IN! Pathways to Inclusive Higher Education. By participating in the charity golf tournament ($150 donation per golfer), you directly help create inclusive college opportunities for students with intellectual disabilities in Colorado, fostering their academic growth, social development, and career advancement. Your participation makes a real difference.
Following the Charity Golf Tournament, EnerCom Denver will host a VIP Welcome Mixer: an exclusive, invitation-only event for presenting companies, qualified investors, and conference sponsors, designed for high-level networking.
The conference's company presentations, industry panel discussions, and one-on-one meetings between management teams and qualified investors will take place from 8:00 a.m. to 5:15 p.m. on Tuesday, August 18, and Wednesday, August 19.
Tuesday evening's Casino Night networking event features a professionally hosted casino experience with poker, blackjack, roulette, and craps tables using "fun money" (no cash value). Open to all registered attendees, the event also includes a charity poker tournament, along with food, drinks, and entertainment.
Held at The Westin Denver Downtown, EnerCom Denver annually hosts an in-person audience of more than 1,000 attendees, including industry professionals, institutional investors, family office investors, high-net-worth individuals, wealth managers, and private equity funds. In addition, the live webcast reaches a global audience of virtual conference attendees. Conference attendees can expect to hear presentations from more than 70 companies, including public and private oil and gas, oil service and equipment, midstream, royalty, nuclear, power, data center, hydrogen, and energy transition companies with operations worldwide, as well as panel discussions on current energy topics.
EnerCom Denver provides qualified investment professionals with exclusive access to senior executives from leading public and private energy companies. Through corporate presentations, private one-on-one meetings, interactive breakout Q&A sessions, and networking events, investors can engage directly with management teams and gain firsthand insight into the company's strategy and long-term value creation.
One-on-one meetings are available exclusively to buy-side principals, portfolio managers, chief investment officers, and securities analysts. Complimentary registration is available for qualified investment professionals.
Companies interested in presenting at or sponsoring EnerCom Denver can contact Blanca Andrus at bandrus@enercominc.com or (303) 296-8834 x246.
Presenting company lineup as of July 31, 2026, includes:
Conference Details: EnerCom Denver provides investment professionals with direct access to senior executives from leading public and private energy companies across the energy value chain. The conference offers opportunities to hear company presentations, engage in one-on-one meetings, gain insights into operational and financial strategies, and better understand how management teams create long-term value for shareholders.
Conference Dates: August 17–19, 2026. The conference, featuring company presentations, panel discussions, and one-on-one meetings with qualified investors, will take place on Tuesday, August 18, and Wednesday, August 19, bringing together senior executives from leading public and private energy companies to discuss operations, strategy, capital allocation, and outlooks.
The conference kicks off on Monday, August 17, with EnerCom's annual Charity Golf Tournament at Colorado National Golf Club in Erie, Colorado, benefiting IN! Pathways to Inclusive Higher Education. Early registration and the Welcome VIP Reception, for investors, presenters, and sponsors only, will be held Monday evening at the Westin Denver Downtown.
Venue: Westin Denver Downtown.
Who Attends the Conference: Institutional investors, family office investors, high-net-worth investors, private equity, wealth managers, research analysts, retail brokers, trust officers, investment and commercial bankers, and energy industry professionals.
Conference Format and Details: The EnerCom Denver conference follows EnerCom's familiar 25-minute presentation format, followed by 50-minute Q&A sessions in separate breakout rooms, one-on-one meetings, and multiple networking opportunities. In addition to in-person access to all company presentations, panel discussions, and keynote speakers, conference registration includes opportunities for qualified investors and management teams to meet formally and informally over cocktails, breakfast, and lunch.
About EnerCom, Inc.:
Founded in 1994, EnerCom, Inc. has been a trusted advisor to the global energy industry, working with clients to differentiate and deliver targeted messages to investors. Headquartered in Denver, EnerCom is an internationally recognized strategic communications and management consultancy that advises companies on investor relations, corporate strategy/board advisory, fractional/interim CFO advisory, marketing, financial analysis and valuation, media, branding, and visual communications design.
For more information about EnerCom and its services, please visit www.enercominc.com or call (303) 296-8834 to speak with the management team or one of our consultants.
EnerCom Denver Sponsors Include:
Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI)
Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. (NSAI) was founded in 1961 to provide the highest quality engineering and geological consulting to the petroleum industry. Today they are recognized as the worldwide leader of petroleum property analysis to industry and financial organizations and government agencies. With offices in Dallas and Houston, NSAI provides a complete range of geological, geophysical, petrophysical, and engineering services and has the technical experience and ability to perform these services in any of the onshore and offshore oil and gas producing areas of the world. They provide reserves reports and audits, acquisition and divestiture evaluations, simulation studies, exploration resources assessments, equity determinations, and management and advisory services.
Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA)
The Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority (AIDEA) is Alaska's state development finance authority and a self-funded, government-owned corporation established to promote long-term economic growth across the state. AIDEA partners with industry to finance and advance critical energy projects, industrial infrastructure, manufacturing, commercial real estate, and equipment investments that strengthen Alaska's economy. The authority also has the unique ability to own and operate strategic assets, allowing it to directly support projects that accelerate responsible resource development and unlock enduring economic value. AIDEA's portfolio includes oil and gas initiatives such as leases held in the Alaska Coastal Plain, a methanol plant on the North Slope, and Cook Inlet natural gas development. Backed by an AA+ bond rating, flexible financing tools, and a mission-driven investment approach, AIDEA reduces project risk, enhances investor confidence, and helps bring high-impact development opportunities to fruition throughout Alaska.
First Horizon Corporation (NYSE: FHN), with $84.1 billion in assets as of March 31, 2026, is a leading regional financial services company, dedicated to helping our clients, communities and associates unlock their full potential with capital and counsel. Headquartered in Memphis, TN, the banking subsidiary First Horizon Bank operates in 12 states concentrated in the southern U.S. The Company and its subsidiaries offer commercial, private banking, consumer, small business, wealth and trust management, retail brokerage, capital markets, fixed income, and mortgage banking services. First Horizon has been recognized as one of the nation's best employers by Fortune and Forbes magazines and a Top 10 Most Reputable U.S. Bank.
ATB Capital Markets offers holistic corporate and capital markets advice, combined with customized financial solutions to help businesses thrive. We're a full-service financial services provider for key industries. Backed by ATB Financial, a leading financial institution with $62.0 billion in assets, ATB Capital Markets helps clients with services that include investment and corporate banking, sales and trading, institutional research, and risk management.
CAC is now part of The Baldwin Group. We are stronger together. Together we deliver more specialization, more capabilities, and deeper expertise to our clients. As one, we magnify each other's strengths, unlocking the power of CAC's industry and product expertise through The Baldwin Group's infrastructure and people-powered national distribution network. Our clients now have access to a full suite of risk management tools from one team, one relationship, and one complete platform of solutions with market-leading client service. Our combined organization now serves clients across retail, specialty, reinsurance (including London and Bermuda markets), and MGA platforms.
The Business of Energy Beatty & Wozniak is the premier energy and natural resource law firm in the United States, fully dedicated to delivering for clients in the industry. Trusted by energy leaders nationwide, we're here to support your success at every turn. Beatty & Wozniak embodies a passionate commitment to energy through unparalleled dedication to the industry and the people it benefits. We represent the top echelon of energy companies in the United States because we are 100% focused on your industry — the business of energy. When your legal team lives and breathes energy law, every challenge becomes an opportunity.
OneNexus is a financial assurance platform built for energy operators facing growing decommissioning liabilities. Its flagship product, WellSecure™, delivers an asset-based surety solution that eliminates collateral and letter-of-credit requirements, freeing trapped capital while providing long-term funding certainty. Surety bonds under the WellSecure™ program are issued by Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America, rated A++ (Superior) by AM Best. By pairing a recognized surety instrument with a regulated insurance structure supported by Munich Re regulatory capital, WellSecure™ gives operators a compliant, transferable, and scalable solution for long-duration decommissioning obligations.
Petrie Partners, LLC is a boutique investment banking firm dedicated to the energy industry. The senior leadership has a multi-decade legacy of delivering specialized advice on mergers and acquisitions, asset transactions and valuations, and financings to the boards and managements of public, private and sovereign entities. Petrie clients benefit from the independent, conflict-free perspective and unwavering advocacy of their best interests that the team brings to every engagement.
Preng & Associates is the world's leading executive search firm dedicated to the energy industry. Over 45 years, they have assisted more than 900 management teams and boards in 92 countries and conducted over 4,000 engagements. Preng's mission continues to be helping companies and boards identify and attract talent around the world that will impact shareholder value.
IMA Financial Group is an independent broker defining the future of insurance through comprehensive and consultative risk and wealth management services. A majority employee-owned and managed company, its 2,300-plus associates in offices across the country are empowered by a shared mission to manage risk, protect assets and make a difference.
The Media Sponsor of EnerCom Denver, Oil & Gas 360®, is a one-stop source of news, information, and analysis from EnerCom professionals. The website is dedicated to all things energy: people, technologies, transactions, trends, and macro-economic analysis that impact our industry.