SOURCE: [url withheld] host=sec.gov
FORM: 10-K
FILED: 2026-03-31
ACCEPTED: 2026-03-31T20:31:14.000Z
ITEMS: 
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-08-10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)

☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025

Or

☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from                  to

Commission
File No.  001-40370

Bitfarms
Ltd.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Ontario   N/A
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

110 Yonge Street , Suite 1601
Toronto , Ontario, Canada M5C 1T4   120 Broadway, Suite 1075
New York, New York, 10004

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(929)
264-5151

(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s)
Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Shares   BITF   Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes  ☒ No ☐

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐  No  ☒

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  ☒ No ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files).  Yes  ☒ No ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐
Accelerated filer ☒

Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  ☒

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes ☐ No  ☒

The
aggregate market value of the registrant’s Common Shares held by non-affiliates, based on the closing price of the Common Shares
as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) on June 30, 2025, the end of the registrant’s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was $ 406,181,039 .

The
registrant had  602,851,137  Common Shares issued and outstanding as of March 27, 2026.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Not
Applicable .

INTRODUCTORY
NOTE

Bitfarms
Ltd., a corporation incorporated pursuant to the laws of Canada and continued under the  Business Corporation Act  (Ontario)(“Bitfarms”),
currently qualifies as a foreign private issuer in the United States for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”). Although, as a foreign private issuer, Bitfarms is not required to do so, Bitfarms has chosen to file
annual reports on Form 10 - K, quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q and current reports on Form 8 - K with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) instead of filing the reporting forms available to foreign private issuers.

On
February 6, 2026, Bitfarms announced that its board of directors (the “Board”) approved a plan of arrangement (the
“Arrangement”) under which Bitfarms will redomicile from Canada to the United States (the “U.S.
Redomiciliation”), subject to receipt of shareholder, stock exchange and court approvals. Upon completion of the U.S.
Redomiciliation, the ultimate parent company of Bitfarms will be a new corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware
that will operate under the name Keel Infrastructure Corp. (“Keel Infrastructure”). To effect the U.S. Redomiciliation,
each outstanding common share of Bitfarms (a “Common Share”) will be exchanged for one share of common stock of Keel
Infrastructure (“Keel Common Stock”), pursuant to the Arrangement. Following completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation,
Bitfarms will become an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Keel Infrastructure, which together with Bitfarms and its other
subsidiaries will carry on the business currently conducted by Bitfarms and its subsidiaries.

The
Arrangement was approved by Bitfarms’ shareholders at a special meeting held on March 20, 2026. The Ontario Superior Court of Justice
(Commercial List) issued its final order approving the Arrangement on March 24, 2026.

Upon
completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation, Keel Common Stock is expected to trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”)
and the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) under the ticker symbol “KEEL”, subject to receipt of all necessary
approvals of the Nasdaq and the TSX.

All
approvals having been obtained, the U.S. Redomiciliation is expected to be completed on or about April 1, 2026.

BITFARMS
LTD.

FORM
10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Page

PART
I.

1

Item
1.
Business.
1

Item 1A.
Risk
Factors.
9

Item 1B.
Unresolved
Staff Comments.
43

Item 1C.
Cybersecurity.
43

Item
2.
Properties.
45

Item
3.
Legal
Proceedings.
45

Item
4.
Mine
Safety Disclosures.
45

PART
II.

46

Item
5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
46

Item 6.
[Reserved]
48

Item
7.
Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
49

Item 7A.
Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
81

Item
8.
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data
F-1

Item
9.
Changes
in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
82

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
82

Item 9B.
Other Information.
83

Item 9C.
Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
83

PART
III.

84

Item
10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
84

Item
11.
Executive
Compensation.
89

Item
12.
Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
111

Item
13.
Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
113

Item
14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services.
113

Item
15.
Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules.
114

Item
16.
Form
10-K Summary.
115

i

GLOSSARY
OF COMMONLY USED TERMS

The
following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, some of which are commonly used
in the data center, digital infrastructure, and Bitcoin Mining industries:

AEC

Alternative
energy credit. A tradable certificate representing one megawatt-hour of electricity generated from a qualifying alternative energy
source under the AEPS Act.

AEPS
Act

The
Pennsylvania Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards Act, which establishes requirements for the generation of electricity from alternative
energy sources in Pennsylvania.

AI

Artificial
intelligence. Computational methods, including machine learning and deep learning, that require large-scale data processing and high-performance
computing infrastructure to train and deploy models capable of performing tasks that typically require human intelligence.

ASC

Accounting
Standards Codification.

ASIC

Application-specific
integrated circuit. A specialized microchip designed to perform a specific function, such as Bitcoin Mining.

ASU

Accounting
Standards Update.

Behind-the-meter

Power
generation that is located at or near the point of consumption, on the customer’s side of the electric meter, and that can
supply electricity directly to collocated load without transmission through the broader electric grid.

BTC
or Bitcoin

A
decentralized digital currency that operates on a peer-to-peer network using blockchain technology, without the need for a central
authority or intermediary.

Bitcoin
Block Rewards

Subsidies
paid in Bitcoin that are programmed into the Bitcoin software and awarded to a miner, or a group of miners, for providing a valid
solution to the cryptographic problem required to publish a new block of transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain.

Bitcoin Halving

Has
the meaning given to it under “Risks Related to Bitcoin.”

Capex

Capital
expenditures. Funds used by the Company to acquire, upgrade, develop, or construct physical assets, including HPC data center infrastructure,
power generation facilities, land, and Mining Equipment.

Colocation
or colo

A
data center model in which an operator provides building infrastructure, power, cooling, and physical security, and tenants install,
own, and operate their own computing equipment within the facility.

Company

Has the meaning give to it under “General Matters.”

Convertible
Notes

The
Company’s 1.375% Convertible Senior Notes due January 15, 2031, issued in October 2025 in an aggregate principal amount of
$588 million.

CPI

Consumer
Price Index.

ii

Critical
IT load or IT load

The
electrical power consumed by computing, storage, and networking equipment within a HPC data center, excluding power consumed by cooling
systems, lighting, and other facility infrastructure.

Current Energized Capacity

Gross power capacity provided by utilities and currently being used
at our U.S. Sites and Quebec Sites.

EH/s

Exahashes
per second. A unit of measurement equal to one quintillion (10¹⁸) hashes per second, used to measure the computational
power (hashrate) applied to Bitcoin Mining.

Energized
capacity

The
amount of electrical capacity, measured in megawatts, that is currently connected to and capable of drawing power from a utility
grid or on-site generation source.

ESA

Electric
service agreement. A contract between a utility and a customer that establishes the terms under which the utility will deliver electricity
to the customer, including contracted capacity, delivery timeline, and pricing.

FASB

Financial
Accounting Standards Board.

FERC

Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission.

FPPS

Full
pay per share. A Bitcoin Mining Pool payout method under which miners receive a fixed payment for each valid share of work submitted,
regardless of whether the pool successfully mines a block.

Free
cooling

A
cooling method for HPC data centers that uses ambient outside air or other natural environmental conditions to dissipate heat, reducing
or eliminating the need for mechanical refrigeration.

Go
to market

The
phase of the Company’s development process in which a project that has reached or is approaching construction readiness is
marketed to prospective tenants for lease execution.

GPU

Graphics
processing unit. A specialized electronic processor originally designed for rendering graphics, now widely used to accelerate AI
training, AI inference, and other HPC workloads due to its ability to perform parallel computations efficiently.

Gross capacity or gross power capacity

The total electrical power capacity provided to a site for all purposes,
not limited to critical IT load.

GW

Gigawatt.
One billion watts of electrical power.

Halving

The
process designed to control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in Bitcoin’s proof-of-work consensus algorithm.

Hashrate

The
total computational power being used to mine and process transactions on a proof-of-work blockchain network, such as Bitcoin. Measured
in hashes per second.

HPC

High-performance
computing. Computing workloads that require substantially greater processing power, power density, and cooling capacity than traditional
enterprise or cloud computing workloads, including AI training and inference workloads.

HPC
data centers

Data
centers which host customer-provided compute equipment, including GPUs; distinct from HPC Infrastructure, which is used to describe
the growth area covering development, ownership, and operations of such data centers.

HPC
Infrastructure

The
Company’s primary growth area, encompassing the development, ownership, and operation of data centers designed to
support HPC environments. This term is used solely to refer to the Company’s growth area.

iii

HPC
workloads

Compute-intensive
applications and processes that require high levels of processing performance, power density, and advanced cooling capabilities,
including AI training and inference workloads.

Hydro-Québec

The
public utility responsible for the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity in the Province of Québec, Canada.

Hyperscaler

A
large-scale cloud computing and HPC data center operator that deploys and operates computing infrastructure at significant scale
to serve global demand for cloud, AI, and enterprise services.

Identified Additional Gross Data Center Capacity

Gross power capacity that has not been contracted under an electric
supply agreement but is currently being evaluated at the U.S. Sites and Quebec Sites. This includes capacity that is currently under utility
load studies as well as potential on-site, behind-the-meter natural gas power generation at Scrubgrass.

Infrastructure
Assets

The
Company’s sites and related assets, including land, power capacity, power purchase or supply arrangements, grid interconnections,
and associated infrastructure, excluding Bitcoin Mining Equipment.

IFRS Accounting Standards

International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board.

Interconnection

The
physical and contractual arrangement by which a facility is connected to the electric grid, enabling the import and/or export of
electricity. Obtaining grid interconnection typically requires utility approval, engineering studies, and infrastructure upgrades,
and can involve multi-year lead times in supply-constrained markets.

IRS

The
Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America.

IT

Information
technology. The use of computers, software, networks, and related systems to store, process, transmit, and manage data.

Keel
or Keel Infrastructure or Keel Infrastructure Corp.

Keel
Infrastructure Corp., the newly formed public company incorporated in the State of Delaware which will be the parent company of Bitfarms Ltd.
following completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation, expected on or about April 1, 2026.

kW

Kilowatt.
One thousand watts of electrical power.

kWh

Kilowatt-hour.
A unit of energy equal to one kW of power sustained for one hour.

Load
study

A
utility-conducted engineering assessment to evaluate the feasibility and cost of delivering a specified amount of electrical power
to a site, including any required grid upgrades or infrastructure improvements.

Miners
or Mining Equipment

ASIC-based
computing devices purpose-built to perform the cryptographic calculations required to validate transactions and add new blocks on
a proof-of-work blockchain network, such as Bitcoin.

Macquarie
Credit Facility or Credit Facility

The
$300.0 million credit facility that the Company entered into with Macquarie Equipment Capital, Inc. in April 2025.

Mining

The
process of using specialized computing equipment to validate transactions and add new blocks to a proof-of-work blockchain, such
as the Bitcoin network. Participants that successfully add a block are rewarded with newly issued cryptocurrency and transaction
fees.

Mining
Pool

A
group of miners that combine their computational resources over a network to increase the probability of successfully validating
transactions and adding new blocks to a proof-of-work blockchain. Rewards earned are distributed among participants based on their
contributed computational power.

iv

Moses
Lake

The
Company’s HPC data center development site located in Moses Lake, Washington, U.S. Moses Lake is currently being
used for Bitcoin Mining operations.

MW

Megawatt.
One million watts of electrical power.

MWh

Megawatt-hour.
A unit of energy equal to one MW of power sustained for one hour.

N,
N+1 and N+2

Redundancy
configurations used in data center design. “N” refers to the minimum infrastructure capacity (including power, cooling,
or network capacity) required to support the facility’s full IT load. “N+1” indicates one additional redundant
unit beyond the minimum, and “N+2” indicates two additional redundant units, providing progressively higher levels of
fault tolerance.

Neocloud

An
emerging category of cloud and compute service providers that focus on delivering GPU-based infrastructure for AI training and inference
workloads, as distinguished from traditional hyperscale cloud service providers.

Network
Difficulty

Network
difficulty is a measure of how difficult it is to solve a block on the Bitcoin blockchain. Network difficulty is adjusted every 2,016
blocks, or approximately every two weeks, so that the average time between each block is approximately ten minutes. A high difficulty
means that it will take more computing power to solve a block and earn a new bitcoin reward, which, in turn, makes the Bitcoin network
more secure.

NVIDIA
GB300

A
GPU developed by NVIDIA Corporation for AI and HPC workloads, part of the Blackwell architecture product family. Moses Lake is designed to support configurations aligned with the NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 reference architecture.

NVIDIA
Vera Rubin

A
next-generation GPU platform developed by NVIDIA Corporation, anticipated to succeed the Blackwell architecture. The Company is designing
a significant portion of its development portfolio to support GPU platforms of this class.

NVL72

A
reference architecture developed by NVIDIA Corporation that specifies the configuration of 72 GPUs and associated networking and
cooling infrastructure within a single rack-scale system.

Panther
Creek

The
Company’s HPC data center development site located in Nesquehoning, Pennsylvania, U.S. Panther Creek also contains a
waste-to-energy facility and is currently being used for Bitcoin Mining operations.

PJM
or PJM Interconnection

PJM
Interconnection, L.L.C., a regional transmission organization that coordinates the movement of wholesale electricity across all or
parts of 13 states and the District of Columbia. PJM operates the largest wholesale electricity market in the world.

PPL

PPL
Electric Utilities Corporation, a regulated electric utility operating in eastern Pennsylvania that provides electric service to
the Company’s Panther Creek site.

PUE

Power
usage effectiveness. A metric used to measure the energy efficiency of a data center, calculated as total facility energy consumption
divided by IT equipment energy consumption. A PUE of 1.0 indicates that all energy consumed by the facility is used by IT equipment.

PURPA

Public
Utilities Regulatory Policies Act of 1978. A U.S. federal law that, among other things, established a regulatory framework for qualifying
facilities that generate electric energy using renewable resources or cogeneration.

QF
or qualifying facility

A
power generation facility that meets certain ownership, operating, and efficiency criteria established by FERC under PURPA, and that
is entitled to certain regulatory benefits, including the right to sell electricity at avoided-cost rates.

Québec
Sites

The
Company’s facilities located in the following cities: Farnham, Saint-Hyacinthe, Cowansville, Baie-Comeau, Magog, Bunker, Sherbrooke
Leger, Sherbrooke, and Garlock in the province of Québec, Canada. All of the Québec Sites are currently being used for
Bitcoin Mining operations.

Scrubgrass

The
Company’s HPC data center development site located in Kennerdell, Pennsylvania, U.S. Scrubgrass also contains a waste-to-energy
facility and is currently being used for Bitcoin Mining operations.

SEC

The
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Secured
contracted capacity

Electrical
capacity for which the Company has executed a binding agreement, such as an ESA, with a utility or power provider, but which has
not yet been energized or delivered.

Secured Gross Data Center Capacity

The total amount of gross power capacity that is subject to electric
supply agreements with utilities, including both power capacity currently available on site and power capacity that utilities have agreed
to deliver at a future date.

Secured Growth Capacity

Gross power capacity that is not currently available on site but for
which the Company has executed an electric supply agreement with a utility, whereby the utility agrees to provide that power capacity
at a specified future date.

Sharon

The
Company’s HPC data center development site located in Sharon, Pennsylvania, U.S. Sharon is currently being used for Bitcoin
Mining operations.

Stronghold

Stronghold
Digital Mining, Inc.

Stronghold
Acquisition

The
Company’s acquisition of Stronghold on March 14, 2025.

Substation

An
electrical facility that transforms voltage from high to low, or the reverse, to facilitate the transmission and distribution of
electricity between the grid and end users.

Turnkey

A
contractual arrangement under which a third-party contractor is responsible for the complete design, procurement, and construction
of a facility, delivering it to the owner in a condition ready for operation.

U.S. GAAP

Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

U.S.
Sites

Collectively,
Panther Creek, Scrubgrass, Sharon, and Moses Lake.

Waste-to-energy

A
method of power generation that uses waste materials, such as coal refuse, as fuel to generate electricity, thus simultaneously remediating
environmental damage associated with the waste material.

v

GENERAL
MATTERS

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (referred to herein as this “Annual Report”) “we”,
“us”, “our”, “Bitfarms” and the “Company” refer to Bitfarms Ltd. and its consolidated
subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. Following the completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation such references shall be to
Keel Infrastructure Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including Bitfarms Ltd.), unless the context requires otherwise.

Words
importing the singular, where the context requires, include the plural and vice versa and words importing any gender include all genders.

Bitfarms
and the associated Bitfarms logo are registered trademarks of Bitfarms Ltd. or its subsidiaries. All other trademarks and brand names
used herein are the property of their respective owners.

Unless
we indicate otherwise: (i) all dollar amounts are expressed in U.S. dollars; and (ii) all references to “US$” or “$”
are to U.S. dollars and all references to “C$” are to Canadian dollars.

Note
that use of the word “including” in this Annual Report means “including, without limitation.”

Unless
we indicate otherwise, all information in this Annual Report is stated as of March 27, 2026.

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. These statements constitute
projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the “Securities Act”), Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (as amended, the “Exchange Act”) and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities
legislation (collectively, “forward-looking statements”). Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
statements under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding
our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, statements about our objectives,
plans, goals, aspirations, strategies, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, performance, prospects, opportunities,
statements about the U.S. Redomiciliation and legal and regulatory matters.

These
forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may
be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as “seek”,
“anticipate”, “plan”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”,
“will”, “project”, “predict”, “potential”, “targeting”, “intend”,
“could”, “might”, “should”, “believe”, “future”, “continue” or
similar expressions or the negatives thereof.

By
their very nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements and such forward-looking statements
included in this Annual Report should not be unduly relied upon. These statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report.

The forward-looking statements in this document are based on what we
currently believe are reasonable assumptions, including the material assumptions set out under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, such documents are available under our SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca
or in the United States through EDGAR at the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov.

Inherent
in forward-looking statements are risks, uncertainties and other factors beyond our ability to predict or control.

Factors
that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations may include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties
that are discussed in greater detail in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” and Part II, Item 7A “Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

vi

Although
we believe that the plans, intentions, expectations, assumptions and strategies reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable,
these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying
assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements.
In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time,
and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future results. These statements are inherently uncertain
and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents
that we reference in this Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different
from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.

The
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this Form 10-K. We anticipate that
subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements
at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. Therefore, these
forward-looking statements do not represent our views as of any date other than the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. This summary does not address all
of the risks we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be
found below and should be carefully considered, together with other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Risks
Related to Our Business and Operations

● our
limited operating history and history of operating losses, which make it difficult to evaluate
our business and prospects;

● our
evolving business model and strategy, including our strategic transformation from Bitcoin
Mining to HPC Infrastructure, which may not be successful;

● our
dependence on reliable and economical sources of power, including regulated electricity rates
in Québec, Pennsylvania, and Washington;

● our
reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers, including those
in foreign jurisdictions, exposing us to supply chain disruptions, trade restrictions, and
tariff risks;

● delays,
cost overruns, and other risks associated with the continued development of our existing
and planned facilities;

● intense
competition from other Bitcoin Mining companies and established HPC data center operators,
some of which may have greater resources and experience;

● the
potential inadequacy of our insurance coverage to protect against all losses;

Risks
Related to HPC Infrastructure

● our
increased focus on developing HPC and AI data centers may not become profitable and may divert
resources from our Bitcoin Mining operations;

● the
capital-intensive nature of constructing HPC data centers and our potential inability to
secure financing for such efforts;

vii

● significant
competition for suitable data center sites and regulatory constraints that could adversely
impact our development pipeline;

● our
dependence on significant customers for our HPC data centers, and the risk of customer default
or failure to make timely payments;

● the
rapidly evolving regulatory landscape surrounding HPC, AI, and Bitcoin Mining, which may
negatively impact our expansion efforts;

Risks
Related to Bitcoin and Digital Assets

● the
high volatility of Bitcoin prices, which has significantly affected and will continue to
affect the profitability of our operations;

● periodic
Bitcoin halving events that reduce Mining rewards and could render our Mining operations
unprofitable;

● increases
in cryptocurrency Network Difficulty and global computing power that could reduce our Mining
revenues;

● our
reliance on a single third-party Mining Pool operator, subjecting us to concentration risk;

● fraud
or failure of Bitcoin exchanges, custodians, and other trading venues that could adversely
impact Bitcoin prices and our business;

Risks
Related to Regulation, Tax, and Compliance

● our
requirement to obtain and comply with numerous government permits and approvals across multiple
jurisdictions;

● extensive
environmental, energy, and climate-related regulation that could result in significant additional
costs or liabilities;

● political
uncertainty in the U.S. and internationally, including potential regulatory and policy changes
affecting the cryptocurrency and data center industries;

● cybersecurity
threats and hacking attacks that could compromise our systems and data;

● the
potential classification of Bitfarms as a passive foreign investment company, which could
result in adverse tax consequences for U.S. holders;

Risks
Related to Our Capital Needs, Corporate Structure, and Securities

● the
need for additional capital in the future, with no assurance that financing will be available
on acceptable terms;

● risks
that our hedging activities may not be effective and could result in significant losses;

● counterparty
risk with respect to the capped call transactions entered into in connection with the Convertible
Notes;

● potential
dilution to shareholders from future issuances of capital stock, conversion of Convertible
Notes, or exercise of options and warrants;

● risks
related to the U.S. Redomiciliation, including the possibility that anticipated benefits
may not be realized;

● the
market price of our common shares has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so;
and

● our
current intention not to pay cash dividends on our common shares.

viii

PART
I.

Item
1. Business.

1.
Company Overview

Bitfarms
is a North American digital and energy infrastructure company that develops, owns, and plans to operate data centers and energy infrastructure
for HPC and AI workloads. We currently maintain our legacy North American Bitcoin Mining operations to help fund our operations and development
efforts.

Bitfarms was founded in 2017 and is publicly traded on the Nasdaq and
TSX under the ticker symbol “BITF”. On or about April 1, 2026, we expect to complete our U.S. Redomiciliation, pursuant to
which shareholders of Bitfarms will exchange their shares for shares of common stock of Keel Infrastructure Corp. (“Keel Common
Stock”), a newly formed public company incorporated in the State of Delaware. The Keel Common Stock is expected to begin trading
on Nasdaq and the TSX under the ticker “KEEL” two business days following completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation, subject
to fulfilling all of the listing requirements of Nasdaq and the TSX, respectively.

Our
mission is to deliver the infrastructure and energy required to support HPC and AI workloads. We have a portfolio of assets (our “Infrastructure
Assets”) that include owned and operated power generation facilities with collocated Bitcoin Mining data centers, established grid
interconnections within the wholesale electricity market administered by PJM Interconnection in Pennsylvania,
and 100% renewable hydroelectric capacity in Canada and Washington state. Our Infrastructure Assets represent a 2.2 GW power capacity
pipeline, comprising 648 MW of secured capacity and 1,513 MW of planned capacity in development, located across our U.S. Sites and our
Québec Sites. Currently, our Infrastructure Assets are deployed to support our Bitcoin Mining activities. We are developing our
Infrastructure Assets to support HPC data center operations and expect to continue such development in the coming years.

2.
Lines of Business and Business Model

Our
primary growth area is HPC Infrastructure. We expect to operate our Bitcoin Mining assets to the extent they remain profitable
and until they are decommissioned to facilitate HPC data center construction.

HPC
Infrastructure is our primary growth area. We are developing data centers designed to support HPC and AI workloads, with
the intention of leasing capacity to hyperscalers, cloud service providers, AI companies, and enterprises under long-term contracts.
We expect these contracts to deliver higher cash flows per megawatt and greater revenue predictability than Bitcoin Mining. As of December
31, 2025, this line of business had not yet generated revenue. We anticipate initial data center revenue generation to begin in 2027.
See “Risk Factors––Risks Related to HPC Infrastructure Operations.”

Bitcoin
Mining is our legacy business line, managed for cash generation during the redeployment of our Infrastructure Assets from Mining
to HPC data center operations. Currently our Infrastructure Assets are deployed to operate ASIC miners, contributing hashrate to Mining
Pools under Full Pay Per Share (“FPPS”) arrangements, with fees paid daily in Bitcoin. During the fiscal year ended December
31, 2025, one Mining Pool operator accounted for 88% of our total revenue. As of December 31, 2025, we operated 113,649 ASIC miners with
total hashrate of 14.8 EH/s. We do not plan to invest incremental capital in expanding hashrate and expect Bitcoin Mining to wind down
progressively as HPC data center construction begins across our Infrastructure Assets. As of March 27, 2026, Bitcoin Mining is continuing
at all of our sites. Our Bitcoin Mining business line also includes revenue, expenses, and capital expenditures associated with the operation of our
power generation facilities in Pennsylvania.

1

3.
Market Opportunity and Competitive Advantages

Market
Opportunity

Growing
enterprise and retail demand for HPC and AI workloads is driving unprecedented buildout of next-generation data centers, with McKinsey
estimating that AI data centers may require approximately $5.2 trillion in global capital expenditures by 2030. McKinsey further estimates
that AI data center power demand globally may exceed 150 GW by 2030, up from approximately 44 GW today. We believe that this growth exceeds
what existing grid infrastructure and generation capacity can readily support. HPC and AI workloads require power densities and cooling
architectures that most existing facilities cannot accommodate, while grid interconnection bottlenecks constrain new supply. We believe
this imbalance may persist for the foreseeable future and disproportionately benefits developers that already control permitted, interconnected,
energized power in high-demand markets.

In the context of this market imbalance, we recognized
in 2024 that our Infrastructure Assets may constitute the scarce inputs the HPC data center market values most: interconnected, scalable
power in established data center regions with robust fiber connectivity. In early 2025, we engaged Appleby Strategy Group (“ASG”)
and World Wide Technology (“WWT”) to evaluate the suitability of our Infrastructure Assets for HPC data center development.
ASG and WWT identified attractive characteristics across our U.S. Sites and most of our Québec Sites and indicated that these sites
were well suited for HPC data center operations. These findings, combined with our core competencies, informed our view that our highest-value
path forward was to reallocate our Infrastructure Assets from Bitcoin Mining to HPC data centers.

We
believe that this is an effective reallocation of our Infrastructure Assets, anchored by an opportunity to shift from a commodity-exposed,
cyclical revenue stream to a business that we expect to be underpinned by multi-year lease agreements with higher revenue per unit of
power, improved revenue visibility, and stronger risk-adjusted returns compared to Bitcoin Mining. During 2025, we executed on the decision
to strategically pivot through a series of acquisitions, capital raises, development commitments, and divestitures that are expected
to reposition the Company as a 100% North American digital and energy infrastructure company.

Competitive
Advantages

We
believe our platform possesses five structural advantages that differentiate us in the HPC data center market.

Scarce,
High-Value Power Positions. We believe the quality and location of power interconnections varies materially across the HPC data center
market. Grid-connected, permitted, energized capacity in established data center regions represents a key constraint on the development
of new HPC and AI supply. Three of our four U.S. Sites are in PJM, one of the largest wholesale electricity markets in the world, with
secured interconnections. PJM’s 2025 Regional Transmission Expansion Plan indicates that the incremental transmission enhancements
required to serve new power demand for data centers could take more than five years to develop. Moses Lake sits within a major Pacific
Northwest data center cluster with low-cost hydroelectric power and constrained new supply, as evidenced by the Grant County Public Utility
District imposing load-growth limits on data center customers. Our Québec Sites have a combined 170 MW of capacity from a predominantly
renewable electricity supply, largely generated from hydroelectric sources, and offer a differentiated platform within 90 minutes of
Montréal. Across these markets, we hold our Infrastructure Assets – grid interconnections, contracted power expansion, owned
Behind-the-meter generation, and approximately 1,000 acres of owned land – entitlements that we believe new entrants would need
years to assemble. In addition, all of our sites are located in cooler climates that support extended free-cooling periods, which we
expect will yield competitive annual average power usage effectiveness (“PUE”) relative to facilities in warmer regions.

Proven
Infrastructure Development Capability. Over nearly a decade of building one of North America’s largest Bitcoin Mining platforms,
we assembled energized capacity, generation assets, grid interconnections, utility relationships, and land positions across multiple
jurisdictions. The skills underlying that track record – site development, permitting, electrical infrastructure buildout, utility
negotiations, and large-scale load management – translate directly to those needed for the development of HPC data centers.

2

Operational
Expertise in Power and Energy Management. We own and operate power generation facilities in Pennsylvania, which provide behind-the-meter
power generation for collocated load and supply local grid systems. We also manage complex, flexible electrical loads across multiple
regulatory environments, including participating in PJM’s full suite of dispatchable programs and complying with Hydro-Québec
industrial tariffs. This institutional knowledge of energy procurement, grid interaction, and real-time load management is central to
operating HPC data centers reliably and cost-effectively.

Organizational Agility. With approximately
274 employees, we can move quickly on acquisitions, pivot development plans, and allocate capital across concurrent projects. In 2024
and 2025, we executed a full portfolio rebalancing – acquisitions, divestitures, capital raises, development commitments, and the
planned U.S. Redomiciliation – in approximately 18 months. Additionally, since mid-2025, we have hired senior executives across
a range of functions needed for HPC data center development, including construction, power, operations, and permitting.

Financial Capacity. As of March 30, 2026,
we have approximately $520 million in liquidity, comprising cash and Bitcoin. We believe that this is sufficient to fund our operations,
including development of HPC data centers through permitting and leasing at our Washington, Sharon, and Panther Creek sites without additional
external financing, providing execution certainty across multiple concurrent projects.

4.
Our Strategy

Target
Power Assets in Supply-Constrained Geographies

Our
strategy begins with power. We acquire or control energy-advantaged land positions with grid interconnections, contracted capacity, or
on-site generation in power-constrained markets. We are currently focused on three regions:

(1)
PJM in Pennsylvania, U.S., where interconnection congestion and data center demand growth create significant barriers to entry for new
developers;

(2)
the Pacific Northwest, U.S., where low-cost hydroelectric power, cool climate, and proximity to major technology companies support efficient
HPC operations; and

(3)
Québec, Canada, where predominantly renewable power and proximity to Montréal, a hub for AI research, offer a differentiated
platform for customers with sustainability mandates.

Focus
on Infrastructure Development

We
are an infrastructure developer, not a cloud or compute service provider. We are growing in two ways: (1) converting existing Infrastructure
Assets from Bitcoin Mining to HPC data centers and (2) acquiring additional energy-advantaged positions where existing grid infrastructure
can compress HPC data center development timelines relative to greenfield alternatives. By focusing on infrastructure development and
ownership, we avoid competing in commoditized compute markets and instead concentrate capital on the advantages of our Infrastructure
Assets that are hardest to replicate.

De-Risk
Before Leasing

We
intend to secure power and obtain a reasonably firm estimate for the timing of permit approvals before engaging in commercial
discussions with potential tenants. By entering such commercial discussions regarding lease negotiations with reduced development
risk, shorter time to revenue, and higher actionability, we believe these factors, combined with our positioning in
supply-constrained markets, are expected to enhance our ability to negotiate favorable rates and terms under multi-year agreements
with creditworthy counterparties. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have not yet entered into any HPC data center lease
agreements.

Design
for the Next Hardware Cycle

We
are designing substantially all of our HPC data centers to support NVIDIA’s next-generation Vera Rubin GPUs. Vera Rubin is anticipated
to deliver much higher energy density than NVIDIA’s current-generation Blackwell architecture, and we believe Blackwell-designed
facilities may not be fully compatible with Vera Rubin’s power and cooling requirements. By proactively designing ahead of the
anticipated hardware cycle, we aim to position ourselves to capture lease demand in 2027 for Vera Rubin-ready capacity. Moses Lake
is designed for NVIDIA GB300 GPUs. There can be no assurance that Vera Rubin will ship on the anticipated timeline, that our design assumptions
will prove accurate, or that expected demand will materialize. See “Risk Factors –– Risks Related to HPC Infrastructure
Operations –– The Company’s increased focus on developing data centers for HPC and AI workloads may not become
profitable in the future and may result in adverse consequences to the Company’s business, results of operations and financial
condition.”

3

Case
Study: The Stronghold Acquisition – Our Strategy in Action

Our
March 2025 acquisition of Stronghold illustrates our power-first approach and our strategy of acquiring energy-advantaged positions.
The acquisition was opportunistic – Stronghold was capital-constrained and did not have the means to grow its business. At the
time of the acquisition, Stronghold had 142 MW of import capacity, 165 MW of power generation capacity, and results from a
preliminary load study suggesting that Stronghold could import an additional 250 MW, at some point in the future, at Panther Creek.
Since this time, we have significantly derisked the Stronghold assets, expanded their potential power capacity, and begun developing
both the Panther Creek and Scrubgrass sites for HPC data centers.

After
announcing the acquisition, we worked closely with Stronghold and PPL and received a project feasibility report from PPL increasing the
incremental power availability at Panther Creek from 250 MW to 350 MW. Following the acquisition, we executed an ESA with PPL, resulting
in 350 MW of contracted power capacity. Additionally, we executed an agreement to purchase approximately 200 acres next to Panther Creek
to support HPC data center operations, and we have commenced development, including permitting and fiber connectivity.

At
Scrubgrass, we have submitted load studies to import up to 750 MW of additional power, and we have worked with a natural gas transporter
to evaluate the potential to deliver gas to the site in order to supply Behind-the-meter gas-fired generation. The natural gas supplier
has indicated that they could provide enough natural gas to support over 550 MW of power generation.

As
a result of this acquisition and subsequent development efforts, we have added two sites that each have high potential to be large-scale
HPC data center campuses.

5.
Strategic Transformation

Rebalancing
the Portfolio Toward North American HPC Data Center Development

During
2025 and early 2026, we executed a series of transactions and initiatives that repositioned the Company as a North American digital and
energy infrastructure company:

● Stronghold
Acquisition: Added two established sites in Pennsylvania with potential for large-scale
HPC data centers.

● Exit
of Latin American operations: Discontinued all operations in Argentina and agreed to divest, all operations in Argentina
and Paraguay for up to $108 million of expected proceeds, and we expect that these divestitures
and wind-downs will reduce our go-forward capital commitments by $22 million.

● Moses
Lake commitment: Committed
$129 million for critical equipment and building materials through a turnkey agreement with
Vertiv Group (“Vertiv”) at Moses Lake, our first HPC data center development project.

● Panther
Creek expansion: Secured 350 MW of contracted firm power capacity and assembled nearly
320 acres of contiguous land.

● Capital
formation: Issued $588 million of 1.375% Convertible Senior Notes due January 15, 2031
(the “Convertible Notes”) to fund the transition of our Infrastructure Assets
to HPC data centers (see “Business––Financing Strategy” for additional
information).

In
concert with the U.S. Redomiciliation and rebrand to Keel Infrastructure, these actions support the Company’s pivot from Bitcoin
Mining to developing, owning and operating HPC data centers.

4

Building
the Capabilities to Execute

HPC
data centers demand higher standards of redundancy, advanced cooling and power-quality management, fiber connectivity, and customer uptime
commitments than Bitcoin Mining facilities. The penalties for poor execution are correspondingly greater. We are building these capabilities
along two dimensions:

Recruiting
specialized expertise. We have hired professionals with direct expertise in HPC data center development, design, construction management,
and operations. Our recent hires bring substantial industry experience, with an average of more than 20 years in digital and energy infrastructure
and extensive backgrounds in complex construction and HPC data center development. In parallel, in 2025, we appointed Jonathan Mir, with
over 25 years of strategic finance and capital markets experience focused on energy infrastructure, as CFO.

Partnering with industry-leading
firms. We have engaged first-tier companies, including ASG, CBRE, Consertus, Corgan, Gensler, Langan, Syska Hennessy Group, Turner
Construction Company, Vertiv, and WWT, to access deep, domain-specific expertise at each development stage, while retaining strategic
control over site selection, power procurement, capital allocation, and customer relationships. We believe that this approach mitigates
execution risk while we continue to build out permanent internal capabilities, and it positions us to internalize more of the development
value chain over time as our team and experience base grows.

6.
HPC Infrastructure Portfolio

Portfolio
Overview

Our
2.2 GW pipeline of power capacity, which is part of our portfolio of Infrastructure Assets, is concentrated in markets we believe rank
among the highest-value HPC data center regions in North America. The following table summarizes the power capacity of our Infrastructure
Assets as of March 27, 2026. We intend to allocate substantially all of this capacity to HPC data centers.

Site
State/Province
Current Energized Capacity (MW)
Secured Growth Capacity (MW)
Subtotal: Secured Gross Data Center Capacity (MW)
Identified Additional Gross Data Center Capacity (MW)
Total Pipeline (MW)

United States

Panther Creek
Pennsylvania
60 *
350
350
150
500

Sharon
Pennsylvania
30
80
110
–
110

Moses Lake
Washington
18
–
18
–
18

Scrubgrass
Pennsylvania
63 *
–
–
1,363
1,363

U.S. Total

171
430
478
1,513
1,991

Canada

Sherbrooke
Québec
96
–
96
–
96

Baie-Comeau
Québec
22
–
22
–
22

Other sites¹
Québec
52
–
52
–
52

Canada Total

170
–
170
–
170

Total

341
430
648
1,513
2,161

* This
capacity is not under an ESA; therefore, amounts are excluded from Secured Gross Data Center Capacity.

¹ Includes
Cowansville, Saint-Hyacinthe, Magog, and Farnham data centers.

Note:
Excludes operations in Argentina and Paraguay that have been discontinued or that we have agreed to divest.

● Excluding
discontinued operations in Rio Cuarto, Argentina, which have been abandoned due to the halting
of the energy supply since May 12, 2025, and economic uncertainty in the region.

● Excluding
operations in Paso Pe, Paraguay, which met the criteria to be classified as held for sale
as we make a strategic shift towards HPC/AI Infrastructure in North America. We have agreed
to sell these assets pursuant to a definitive share purchase agreement entered into on January 2, 2026.
The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2026.

5

Key
Development Sites

Panther
Creek

Located in eastern Pennsylvania and currently
being used for Bitcoin Mining, Panther Creek is our largest near-term development site. We hold 350 MW of contracted firm power under
an ESA with PPL (50 MW expected by end of 2026, 300 MW by end of 2027), with additional load studies in process. We plan to provide updates
on these load studies over the coming months. We have assembled nearly 320 acres of contiguous land at the site, received zoning board
approval for our special exemption zoning request, and submitted our land development plan for approval.

Sharon

Located
in western Pennsylvania and currently being used for Bitcoin Mining, Sharon is a development site with 30 MW currently energized and
80 MW under an ESA, with a related substation expansion under construction. We expect to have total energized utility capacity of 110
MW by the first half of 2027.

Moses Lake

Located in Washington within a major Pacific Northwest
data center cluster where power availability is acutely constrained, Moses Lake is our first HPC data center development project. We have
committed $129 million for critical equipment and building materials through a turnkey agreement with Vertiv. Moses Lake will be a purpose-built
AI compute facility designed in accordance with the NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 reference architecture.

Scrubgrass

Located in western Pennsylvania and currently
being used for Bitcoin Mining, Scrubgrass has the potential to be our largest site. We have submitted load studies totaling 750 MW and
initiated pre-engineering studies with a natural gas transporter to assess the feasibility of delivering natural gas to supply an on-site,
Behind-the-meter power generation facility with capacity exceeding 550 MW.

Québec Sites

Our
Québec portfolio comprises eight sites powered predominantly by renewable hydroelectricity, a meaningful differentiator for customers
with sustainability requirements. The sites are currently being used for Bitcoin Mining. Feasibility assessments have confirmed suitability
for HPC data center development. Most sites are within 90 minutes of Montréal, presenting a potential regional campus model linked
via low-latency fiber. We are advancing development readiness through engineering, fiber, and go-to-market workstreams with specialized
partners.

Development
Process

Each
project in our pipeline progresses through four stages:

Land
acquisition and power procurement. We secure capacity and power either through utility application and agreement or through acquisition
of land with existing contracted power. Principal activities and related costs include permitting, zoning, studies and related activities.

Development and permitting. This phase
includes the planning and design work needed to permit development and have power delivered to a site. We partner with the communities
in which we operate to ensure that our projects are in line with local requirements. Principal costs include permitting, zoning, engineering
studies, and procurement of long-lead-time items such as substations. The development and permitting phase concludes when the project
reaches full readiness for construction, including all permits, approvals, grid interconnection, and ESAs. This is the first major de-risking
milestone in the process of developing HPC data centers.

6

Go
to market and lease execution. As projects approach construction readiness and are de-risked, we engage with potential tenants. A
signed lease is generally required to enable project-level or parent-level debt financing at a cost lower than we would expect absent
such a lease.

Construction
and commercial operations. Once financing is secured, construction begins, and the site is ultimately commissioned and ready for
customer service.

7.
Financing Strategy

Our
capital strategy is designed to fund HPC data center development through permitting, leasing, and construction while maintaining financial
flexibility to operate across multiple concurrent sites. Our current financing framework includes two primary components, among other
options:

Project-level and/or parent-level debt financing.
The Macquarie Credit Facility provided up to $300 million for HPC data center development at Panther Creek, secured by Panther
Creek assets. We drew $100 million in 2025 and subsequently repaid this amount in February 2026 to avoid negative carry and balance sheet
complexity, given the amount of cash on our balance sheet to fund near-term development. As we lease sites, we expect to finance construction
through project-level bank debt and/or project-level bonds.

Equity-linked financing. In October
2025, we issued $588 million of Convertible Notes (approximately $569 million of net proceeds), bearing interest at 1.375% per annum and
maturing January 15, 2031, with a conversion price of approximately $6.86 per share (30% premium to reference price). In connection with
this issuance, we entered into capped call transactions, all with a cap price of $11.88 per share. As we progress with HPC data center
development, we may raise additional equity financing through convertible debt, public equity offerings, and/or sales of minority equity
interests at the project level.

We expect to finance the construction phase of
development of a site with a combination of the project- and/or parent-level debt and equity-linked sources described above.

8.
Competition

Demand
for HPC and AI workloads continues to outpace the supply of HPC data center capacity, particularly in power-constrained markets. HPC
data centers require power densities and cooling architectures that most legacy facilities cannot accommodate, while grid interconnection
bottlenecks and extended lead times for critical electrical equipment have further constrained new supply.

In
HPC Infrastructure, we compete with established colocation and wholesale data center operators, independent developers, hyperscalers
developing proprietary capacity, infrastructure-focused investment platforms, and former Bitcoin Mining companies repositioning their
assets for HPC data center development. Competition is centered on securing grid-interconnected power, accessing land and permitting
entitlements, procuring long-lead-time equipment, attracting engineering talent, and establishing relationships with creditworthy customers.

In
Bitcoin Mining, we compete with publicly traded and private mining companies for block rewards on the Bitcoin network. We do not
plan to invest incremental capital in expanding hashrate and expect Mining to wind down progressively as HPC data center operations commence
across our Infrastructure Assets.

9.
Team and Capabilities

As of March 27, 2026, we had 274 employees across
Canada and the United States. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we have never experienced a work stoppage.

We
have built a team that includes both senior professionals in power infrastructure and digital infrastructure, an important combination
as HPC data center development requires deep expertise in both domains. Our in-house capabilities span power procurement, utility negotiations,
grid management, wholesale energy markets, data center construction oversight, project finance, and capital markets execution. We maintain
offices in New York City (New York, U.S.), Toronto (Ontario, Canada), Brossard (Québec, Canada) and Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania,
U.S.). We established our New York City office in 2025 as part of our U.S. Redomiciliation plan, and this office will be our principal
executive office upon the completion of our U.S. Redomiciliation.

7

As
described herein, we have complemented our internal team with a network of industry-leading development partners selected for domain-specific
HPC data center expertise. There is a high level of competition for talent across both digital infrastructure and energy engineering,
and we invest continuously in attracting and retaining professionals with the cross-disciplinary skills our strategy demands.

10.
Power Generation Operations

Through
Scrubgrass and Panther Creek, we own and operate two waste-to-energy facilities that are designated as qualifying facilities (“QFs”)
under the provisions of PURPA and FERC’s implementing regulations under PURPA. Each of Scrubgrass and Panther Creek sells electricity
into the PJM electricity markets, and their primary fuel source is coal refuse, which is provided by various third parties. These facilities
generate electricity while also consuming and remediating coal refuse, which is considered an environmental liability. As QFs, these
facilities are recognized under the applicable regulatory framework as eligible resources alongside other qualifying renewable and alternative
energy facilities, including hydroelectric generation. Scrubgrass and Panther Creek earn Tier II AECs and waste coal tax credits for
their use of coal refuse as their primary fuel source. In addition, Scrubgrass and Panther Creek may use power generated by their QFs
to self supply electricity to data centers indirectly owned by the Company and collocated at each site.

11.
Regulation, Intellectual Property, and the Environment

Regulatory
Landscape

Our
business is subject to extensive U.S. and Canadian federal, state, provincial and local laws. Compliance with, or changes to, the requirements
under these legal and regulatory regimes may cause us to incur significant additional costs or adversely impact our ability to compete
on favorable terms with competitors. Failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility,
the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability and/or costly litigation before the agencies and/or in state of federal
court. We operate in a complex and rapidly evolving regulatory environment and we are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations
enacted by federal, state, provincial, and local governments, governmental agencies, and regulatory authorities, including the SEC, the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the Federal Trade Commission, and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (“FinCEN”), as well as similar entities in Canada and other countries. Other regulatory
bodies, governmental or semi-governmental, have shown an increased interest in companies operating energy-intensive technologies, Bitcoin
Mining and use cases related to HPC and AI computing. For example, the energy consumption and environmental impact of data center operations
(whether used for Bitcoin Mining or HPC and AI) have received heightened regulatory scrutiny, and future regulations may emphasize energy
efficiency, sustainability, and grid reliability in a manner that is different than current conditions.

As
we expand into the development and ownership of HPC data centers, our facilities may become subject to an increasing number of laws,
ordinances, and regulations. Regulators and policymakers are increasingly focused on the governance, ethical use, and potential misuse
of HPC and AI systems and advanced computing technologies, as well as cybersecurity, data protection, export controls, and compliance
obligations applicable to data center and HPC Infrastructure. Furthermore, Bitcoin and other digital assets are subject to anti-fraud
regulations under federal and state commodity and/or securities laws, and digital asset derivative instruments are regulated by the CFTC
and SEC. Certain jurisdictions have developed, or are developing, regulatory requirements specifically for digital assets and companies
that transact in them. Regulatory frameworks applicable to AI and large-scale computing infrastructure are similarly developing and may
vary significantly across jurisdictions. Regulations may substantially change in the future, and it is presently not possible to know
how regulations will apply to our business, or when they will be effective.

Intellectual
Property

We
utilize specialized hardware and software in our operations, including certain open-source technologies for which we adhere to applicable
license terms. We rely on trade secrets, trademarks, and copyright protections, and license intellectual property from third parties.
We have one non-provisional patent application under review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may pursue additional protections
in the future.

8

Environmental
Matters

Our Pennsylvania energy facilities are subject
to federal and state environmental laws governing air emissions, water usage, and waste management, and are required to maintain permits
administered by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection. Our operations in Canada operate on approximately 100% renewable
hydroelectric energy provided by Hydro-Québec. Our energy mix in 2025 was approximately 65% renewable, 20% waste-to-energy alternative
energy, 10% PJM-import, and 5% natural gas. We continue to monitor the evolving regulatory landscape regarding data center resource consumption,
grid reliability, and environmental impact. We believe we are in material compliance with applicable environmental requirements, and our
environmental compliance costs have not historically been material to our consolidated results.

Insurance

Where
practical, we maintain insurance against risks associated with our operations in amounts we believe to be reasonable. Our insurance coverage
contains customary exclusions and limitations, and there is no assurance that such insurance will continue to be available, will be available
on acceptable terms, or will be adequate to cover all potential losses. Any uninsured or underinsured loss could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

12.
Additional Information

Additional information about us is available on
our website at www.bitfarms.com, on the EDGAR website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov, and the SEDAR+ website maintained by the Canadian
Securities Administrators at www.sedarplus.ca. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

As of the date of filing, we are a “foreign
private issuer” as defined in Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act. Although not required to do so, we have chosen to file annual reports
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC. We will make available free of charge, through
our website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file
such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.

On or about April 1, 2026, we expect to complete
our previously announced U.S. Redomiciliation. After the U.S. Redomiciliation, our website will be www.keelinfra.com. Keel Infrastructure
Corp. is incorporated in Delaware and will be a U.S. domestic issuer.

The
estimated costs, timelines, and milestones described in this section are forward-looking statements and are subject to change based on
numerous factors, including the cost and availability of equipment and materials, supply chain conditions, currency exchange rates, the
availability of electricity at competitive rates, regulatory developments, the ability to secure customer contracts on acceptable terms,
the availability of financing, and geopolitical events. See “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factors Summary.”

Item 1.A. Risk Factors.

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision
to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially
adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of,
or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results.

9

Risks
Related to our Business

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects and increases the risk of your investment.

We have a limited operating history upon which
to base an evaluation of our business, prospects, and an investment in our Common Shares. We are subject to many risks common to venture
enterprises, including under-capitalization, potential cash shortages and limitations with respect to personnel, financial and other resources.
Although we have achieved profitable quarters in the past, to date, we have not maintained consistent profitability from period to period,
and no assurances can be made that we will achieve consistent profitability in the near future, if ever. For the year ended December 31,
2025, we had a loss from continuing operations of $208.5 million. There is no assurance that we will be successful in achieving a return
on shareholders’ investment or meeting other metrics of success, which is still dependent on Bitcoin prices and, in the future,
the acquisition of customers for the Company’s HPC data centers, among other factors.

Failure
of critical systems related to our offerings and infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Failure
of critical systems related to our offerings and/or infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. The critical systems related to our offerings and infrastructure are subject to failure. Failure of any of
our critical systems, including a breakdown in critical plant, equipment or services, routers, switches or other equipment, power supplies,
or network connectivity, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions to us or our customers and/or damage
to equipment, which could significantly disrupt the normal business operations of our customers, harm our reputation, and reduce our
revenue. The destruction or severe impairment of any of the facilities operated by us could result in significant downtime. Our ability
to attract and retain customers depends on our ability to provide a reliable service, so even minor interruptions in service could harm
our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our
infrastructure and offerings are subject to temporary or permanent interruption by factors that include but are not limited to:

● power
loss or plant downtimes;

● equipment
failure;

● human
error and accidents;

● theft,
sabotage, and vandalism;

● failure
by us or our suppliers to provide adequate service or maintain equipment;

● network
connectivity downtime and fiber cuts;

● service
interruptions resulting from server relocation;

● security
breaches of infrastructure;

● improper
or inadequate building maintenance;

● physical,
electronic, and cybersecurity breaches;

● animal
incursions;

● fire,
earthquake, hurricane, tornado, flood, and other natural disasters;

● pandemics;

● extreme
temperatures;

● water
damage;

● public
health emergencies; and

● terrorism.

10

The occurrence of any of these events may have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, service interruptions and equipment
failures may expose us to potential legal liability. As the services provided by us may be critical to our customers’ business
operations, any disruption in services could result in lost profit or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. Although
customer contracts may contain provisions limiting our liability, there can be no assurance that a court would enforce any contractual
limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings a lawsuit against us as the result of a service interruption
that they ascribe to us, or that a loss up to a contractually limited amount would still be a material loss to the Company. The outcome
of any such lawsuit would depend on the specific facts of the case and any legal and policy considerations that we may not be able to
mitigate. In such cases, we may be liable for substantial damage awards, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We
have an evolving business model and strategy.

We expect our business model to continue to evolve.
As digital assets become more widely available and the number of applications of HPC and AI continues to expand and deepen across industries,
we expect that our services and products will need to evolve in order to stay current with our industry. Our growth strategy includes
exploring the expansion and diversification of our revenue sources into new markets. Pursuant to that strategy, we are currently conducting
a strategic transformation which will reallocate our Infrastructure Assets into HPC Infrastructure, including the development of data
centers which will be used for HPC and AI workloads. We believe the potential for HPC data centers complements our current business model
with expected stable, long-term and high margin revenue. We also believe that using our existing Infrastructure Assets to develop HPC
data centers provides more consistent dollar-based revenue and substantially less risk than our traditional Bitcoin Mining customers or
our Bitcoin self-Mining operations. However, the success of our HPC data center services may not develop as anticipated, and may be affected
by factors such as the reliability and timing of power supply, supply chain disruption (including local labor availability), the implementation
of new tariffs and more restrictive trade regulations and changes in in-house specialized expertise to manage the business. A failure
to successfully implement our HPC Infrastructure strategy may adversely affect our business, prospects, or operations.

Our executive management team has limited or no
experience in the digital infrastructure space, and we have expanded our team to include additional professionals, including external
consultants, with such experience, but there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful. Accordingly, we cannot offer any assurance
that these or any other modifications to our business model and strategy will be successful or will not result in harm to our business.
Such modifications may increase the complexity of our business and place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations,
systems, technical performance, financial resources and internal financial control and reporting functions. In connection with our strategic
transformation, we have exited or are in the process of exiting certain operations, including the abandonment of our operations in Argentina
following a halt in the supply of electricity and the classification of our Paraguay operations as held for sale. These divestitures and
wind-downs may result in impairment charges, residual liabilities, or losses that could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations.

Moreover,
we may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our future growth and adversely affect our
operating results. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that we will successfully identify emerging trends and growth opportunities
within the HPC market or other markets we may seek to expand into, and we may lose out on such opportunities. Any of the foregoing could
have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to effectively
manage our growth and expansion, which could damage our reputation, limit our future growth, and adversely affect our operating results.

We
have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth in the scope of our operations. This growth has resulted in increased
responsibilities for our existing personnel, the hiring of additional personnel and, in general, higher levels of operating expenses.
In order to manage our current operations and any future growth effectively, we will need to continue to implement and improve our operational,
internal controls, financial, and management information systems, as well as hire, manage and retain our employees and maintain our corporate
culture including technical and operational service standards. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage such growth effectively
or that our management, personnel or systems will be adequate to support our operations.

The Company’s expansion into HPC Infrastructure
may divert resources from the Company’s Bitcoin Mining operations, limit the Company’s power capacity for Mining, and introduce
operational complexity.

Our focus on developing and offering HPC data
centers may disrupt our Bitcoin Mining business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise
be available for overseeing and developing our existing Bitcoin Mining operations business.

While we intend to continue our Bitcoin Mining
operations, the allocation of resources to support HPC data center development may reduce the capital, personnel, infrastructure and
power capacity available for our Mining business. In particular, diverting future power capacity to HPC and AI workloads may limit our
ability to deploy that power for Mining, which is a highly competitive and capital-intensive industry. As a result, we may be unable
to expand our deployed hash rate (EH/s) at the pace of our competitors, potentially diminishing our market share and profitability. Managing
multiple distinct lines of business may increase operational complexity and place additional demands on our management, technical, and
support teams, which could negatively affect our overall performance, strategic execution and profitability.

11

Risks
Related to our Operations

Our
operations are dependent on maintaining reliable and economical sources of power, and changes in regulated terms of service and electricity
rates could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our operations are dependent on our ability to
maintain reliable and economical sources of power. We conduct Mining operations and intend to develop HPC data centers in the Province
of Québec and the United States (Washington and Pennsylvania). Our current and future operations and the sustainability of hydroelectricity
and natural gas at economical prices poses certain risks. These risks as well as the supply of electrical power, electricity rates, terms
of service and regulatory regimes are summarized as follows:

Currently, we source our energy from Hydro-Québec;
Hydro-Sherbrooke; Hydro-Magog; the city of Baie-Comeau; Grant PUD; and PJM Interconnection Merchant Market. We also generate our own
energy through our two refuse power plants in Pennsylvania, United States. Regulated power suppliers may be subject to public policy
initiatives and economic development programs which may or may not support the Bitcoin Mining or HPC and AI industries. There can be
no assurance that electricity will continue to be provided in the future or not curtailed to accommodate other users, or otherwise made
available on terms which are economic for our current and future operations, anticipated growth, and sustainability. Any suspension or
cessation of power supply, failure of electrical networks, or changes in cost structure which are not economic, in the jurisdictions
where we utilize power for our operations, could result in a material adverse effect on us.

Québec

Our
operations are dependent on our ability to maintain reliable and economical sources of power. Until the adoption of Bill-2, on February
15, 2023, the Province of Québec mandated electrical service providers to supply their customers under the obligation to serve
power delivery regime; however, Bill-2 amended the Act respecting the Régie de l’Energie du Québec (the “Régie”)
by giving the Government of Québec the power to determine by regulation the cases in which Hydro-Québec, or any other electrical
service provider, may be exempt from their obligation to provide electricity to industrial clients in the Province of Québec.

The
price of electricity supplied directly by Hydro-Québec is set by the Régie, a provincial administrative tribunal. Hydro-Québec
supplies power to certain of our facilities, and to the Municipal Electrical Networks for the Magog, Baie-Comeau and Sherbrooke facilities.
The rates imposed on Hydro-Québec by the Régie are subject to change. Although power is supplied to us by Municipal Networks,
the rates in those contracts are adjusted in response to tariff changes imposed by the Régie. Modifications to the rates are set
pursuant to the Act respecting the Régie based on the costs of service. There is no assurance that future electricity rates will
remain stable or economical.

Historically, electricity supplied by Hydro-Québec
and the Municipal Electrical Networks could be set at preferential rates in an effort to encourage investment and development in particular
regions. Hydro-Québec and Municipal Electrical Networks were able to offer a discretionary preferential rate to certain customers,
such rate being lower than the rate set by the Régie, notwithstanding that Hydro-Québec and the Municipal Electric Networks
may suffer a financial loss on the supply of electricity to those customers. Currently, the Cowansville Facility is subject to a preferential
rate of 5% on its first 5 MW of power; and the Farnham Facility is subject to a preferential rate of 20% on its first 10 MW of power.
In September 2023, the Régie approved a request from Hydro-Québec to remove the option to accept new request for preferential
rates submitted by industrial clients. Hydro-Québec confirmed that it will honor its contractual obligations, but no new request
will be accepted. When a preferential rate will no longer be available to us, our operations and profitability may experience a material
adverse effect. In addition, although power is supplied by the Municipal Networks to us under the power contracts, the rates in those
contracts are adjusted in response to tariff changes imposed by the Régie.

Recently,
the regulatory environment in Québec has become significantly more hostile to the cryptocurrency Mining industry. On February
18, 2026, the Government of Québec published Decree 88-2026, instructing the Régie to treat cryptocurrency Mining as having
lower strategic and economic value than traditional data centers, and directing that the applicable tariff (“Tarif CB”) be
increased to match the current punitive tariff rate. The following day, Hydro-Québec filed a request to modify the Tarif CB, proposing
drastic price increases, including a 166% to 193% increase in the power demand charge and up to a 199% increase in energy consumption
rates.

12

On March 17, 2026, we, along with another industry participant, filed a petition for judicial review in the Superior Court of Québec
seeking to nullify Decree 88-2026. We assert that the decree is ultra vires, improperly interferes with the Régie’s exclusive
jurisdiction over rate-setting, and relies on illegal ulterior motives intended to drive the cryptocurrency Mining industry out of the
province. We are vigorously contesting this decree; however, if we are unsuccessful and the proposed tariff increases are implemented,
cryptocurrency Mining operations in Québec will become economically unviable, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Washington
State

On
November 9, 2021, we completed the acquisition of a Bitcoin Mining facility in Washington state. The facility is powered by the Grant
County Power Utility District (“Grant PUD”). Grant PUD was established in 1938 and is a public utility district that owns
and operates hydro-electric plants capable of generating more than 2,000 MW of electricity. Grant PUD establishes rate schedules for
different categories of customers at the discretion of its publicly elected Board of Commissioners. We operate our Bitcoin Mining activities
in several different buildings with their own power meters not exceeding 5 MW each; thus, for the year 2022, we were classified in Schedule
7. The applicable rates for Schedule 7 are a demand charge of $4.96 per KW of billing demand plus a variable component of 2.100¢
per kWh for the first 50,000 kWh of consumption and 1.857¢ per additional kWh of consumption. Historically, rates for Schedule 7
have increased by an annual average of 1.27% per year. Effective February 1, 2023, Grant PUD’s commissioners authorized the addition
of cryptocurrency Mining into the Evolving Industry Rate Schedule 17 (“Schedule 17”). The applicable rates for Schedule 17
are a demand charge of $28.18 per kW plus a variable component of $0.389 per kWh of consumption. Grant PUD may adjust the rate pricing
with approval from its Board of Commissioners. An increase in the rates applicable to our electricity consumption in our operations in
Washington state may adversely impact our profitability.

On
November 19, 2025, Grant PUD proposed annual rate increases between 7.8% and 12.0% over each of the next 10 years for Schedule 17. On
January 27, 2026, Grant PUD commissioners unanimously approved a 10.6% rate increase for Schedule 17 as part of the 2026 rate package.
This increase will take effect on April 1, 2026.

Pennsylvania

In
June 2024, we executed a lease agreement for a site located in Sharon, Pennsylvania, United States (“Sharon Lease Agreement”),
and develop up to 110 MW of power capacity. In August 2024, we finalized the definitive lease agreement and assumed control of the property.
With this transaction, we acquired a potential 110 MW of electricity capacity, with the transaction providing we with an immediate capacity
increase of 12 MW of electricity. In January 2025, we energized 12 MW at the Sharon Bitcoin data center. In May 2025, we energized an
incremental 18 MW expansion project, bringing the total energized capacity to 30 MW. The remaining 80 MW is slated to come online by
the end of 2026, when the installation of electrical infrastructure is expected to be completed. In November 2025, we purchased the Sharon
facility from the landlord.

In May 2025, we were registered for PJM’s
Peak Saver and Synchronized Reserves Dispatchable Programs. In August 2025 we initiated our customer base load baseline qualification
run, and in November we successfully passed PJM’s baseline requirements for registration in the Price Response (Economic Demand
Response) Dispatchable Program and is currently participating in this program with PJM through its Curtailment Service Provider (“CSP”).
Participation in these programs enables both demand response and energy arbitrage strategies that we have been developing since January
2025 which, including hedging strategies designed to manage price volatility risk and enable tailored arbitrage strategies through PJM’s
programs across its PJM portfolio. These programs are anticipated to contribute to maximizing the value of its PJM assets through more
effective control of energy prices and will be accretive to our flexible HPC data center strategy currently under development in PJM.

PJM
is the largest U.S. regional transmission organization (“RTO”) overseeing the electricity grid and wholesale markets across
13 states and D.C. Its market dynamics are characterized by tightening capacity, rising capacity prices, and growing exposure to both
policy and interconnection risks that can materially affect power price outcomes over the next decade. PJM is comprised of three separate
but related markets: the energy market (day-ahead and real-time), the capacity market (under the Reliability Pricing Model, or RPM),
and ancillary service markets. In the energy market, pricing is competitive but has been increasing in the last 12-24 months, largely
due to fuel cost increases, transmission congestion, and tighter reserve margins, with locational marginal prices (LMPs) increasingly
being shaped by congestion and transmission constraints. These constraints, when binding, can create pricing spikes that are managed
through either hedging or cost avoidance load shedding to maintain margins. In the capacity market, recent RPM auctions have been settling
at approximately an order or magnitude higher than they have been historically, putting upward pressure on all-in power pricing as capacity
charges become a larger portion of the overall power bill. Given where recent auctions have settled and a persistently thin RTO-wide
reserve margin, it is unlikely that capacity pricing will normalize over the near- to medium-term. From a regulatory perspective, the
rapid growth in data center interconnection requests and planned data center load growth throughout much of PJM has led to several proposed
changes that could affect us, including jurisdictional disputes between FERC, state governments, and local utilities, and several utility-specific
data center tariff proposals. Although none of these regulatory changes has yet come into effect in their proposed form and are not believed
to pose material risk to us, we monitor them closely for any potential negative impact.

13

Increases
in commodity prices or reductions in the availability of commodities we use in our operations could increase our operating costs and
reduce our profitability.

We use and intend to continue using certain commodities
in our current and future Bitcoin Mining and HPC Infrastructure operations, including hydro-electricity. Unexpected, sudden or prolonged
price increases in those commodities, whether as a result of geopolitical events, natural disasters or otherwise, have caused and, in
the future, may cause a reduction in our profits where beneficial fixed-priced contracts do not exist or unfavorable fixed-price contracts
cannot be modified. There also may be curtailment in electricity or natural gas supply. In particular, the recent U.S. military operations
in Iran and the Iranian response and the Russia-Ukraine conflict have had an inflationary effect on the cost of natural gas, the duration
and future magnitude of which are difficult to predict given the fluidity of the military conflict, the novelty of sanctions against
Russia and the possibility of yet harsher sanctions as well as other related developments. The realization or continuation of any of
the foregoing risks with respect to commodity prices could increase our operating costs, reduce our profitability and, depending upon
the duration and extent of the impact, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

Our
operations are subject to hazards associated with power generation, high-voltage electricity transmission, and industrial operations
that could result in significant personal injury, property damage, and liability.

Our
operations are subject to typical hazards associated with power generation, high-voltage electricity transmission and the supply of utilities
to our Miners and data centers at an industrial scale. In particular, power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring,
transporting and unloading fuel and operating large pieces of equipment. In addition to natural risks such as earthquakes, floods, lightning,
hurricanes and wind, other human-made hazards, such as nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas or other explosions, mine area collapses,
fire, structural collapse, machinery failure and other dangerous incidents are inherent risks in our operations. These and other hazards
can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant, equipment, and transmission
lines, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations.

Further,
our employees and contractors work in, and the general public may be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments at or near certain
of our operations. As a result, employees, contractors, and the general public are at risk for serious injury, including loss of life.

The
occurrence of any one of these events may result in us being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages,
including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties. We maintain an amount of insurance
protection that we considers adequate, but we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all
circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject and, even if we do have insurance coverage for a particular
circumstance, we may be subject to a large deductible and maximum cap. A successful claim for which we are not fully insured could hurt
our financial results and materially harm our financial condition. Further, due to rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance
markets, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar
to those presently available. Any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows.

14

Our
reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers exposes us to supply chain disruptions that could adversely affect our operations.

We
enter into contracts with a limited number of third-party suppliers in connection with our Mining operations and our transition to HPC
Infrastructure. If any of those suppliers is unable to or otherwise does not fulfill, or does not fulfill in a timely manner, its obligations
to us for any reason (including, but not limited to, bankruptcy, computer or other technological interruptions or failures, personnel
loss, negative regulatory actions, or acts of God) or engages in fraud or other misconduct during the course of such relationship, we
may need to seek alternative third-party suppliers, or discontinue using certain software or hardware or otherwise alter our operations
and may encounter delays. In addition, we may in the future be held directly or indirectly responsible, or be otherwise subject to liability,
for actions or omissions of third parties undertaken in connection with our arrangements with such third parties. Any such responsibility
or liability in the future may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our
reliance on third-party manufacturers in foreign jurisdictions and the importation of equipment exposes us to trade, tariff, and geopolitical
risks that could adversely affect our business.

We rely on third-party manufacturers in foreign
jurisdictions for our Miners and for equipment and materials used in our HPC data center operations, including GPUs, generators, steel
and copper. As a result, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business in such foreign jurisdictions, including, but
not limited to: trade protection measures such as the imposition of or increase in tariffs, import and export licensing and control requirements;
potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws (both foreign and domestic); difficulties associated with transacting business
with parties in a foreign jurisdiction, including increased costs and uncertainties associated with enforcing contractual obligations;
and unexpected or unfavorable changes in other regulations and applicable regulatory requirements.

The U.S. has previously enacted and has proposed
to enact new tariffs (or increases of existing tariffs) on certain items imported from other countries. Following their enactment, the
tariffs sparked an international trade war in which other countries enacted tariffs on imports of U.S. goods. Subsequently, the U.S.
and various countries subject to those tariffs have engaged in trade negotiations and, in some instances, agreed to suspend or terminate
certain tariffs. It is uncertain whether treaties or other trade policies like those will be enacted or modified by the U.S. or any other
government or trade organization in the future. In addition, we may be subject to retroactive customs duty determinations or reclassifications
with respect to previously imported equipment, which could result in material unexpected costs. Future changes to trade or investment
policies, treaties and tariffs, fluctuations in exchange rates, or the perception that these changes could occur may adversely affect
third-party manufacturers on which we rely, as well as the future of our relationships with those third-party manufacturers, which could
have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, actions by foreign markets to implement
further trade policy changes, including limiting foreign investment or trade, increasing regulatory scrutiny or taking other actions
that apply to the jurisdictions in which we operate or in which third parties with which we do business operate, could negatively impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Technological
obsolescence and difficulty in obtaining hardware could require substantial capital investments and adversely affect our competitive
position.

To
remain competitive, we will continue to monitor the state of available technology and invest in hardware and equipment required for maintaining
and, as applicable, enhancing our operations. This is true for both Bitcoin Mining and HPC data center operations. We have in the past
replaced, and, in the future, may be required to replace, obsolete hardware and software, which required, and, in the future, may require,
substantial capital investments by us. There can be no assurance that hardware will be readily available, whether at a price that is
commercially acceptable to us or at all, when the need is identified. Moreover, there can be no assurance that new and unforeseeable
technology, either hardware-based or software-based, will not disrupt the industries in which we operate.

15

The
continued development of our existing and planned facilities is subject to risks that may cause delays or increased costs and could adversely
affect our operations.

The continued development of existing and planned
facilities, such as the conversion of Moses Lake and our other sites into HPC data centers, is subject to risks that may cause such development
plans to be delayed or otherwise adversely affected, including factors beyond our control such as delays in the delivery or installation
of equipment by suppliers, difficulties in integrating new equipment into existing infrastructure, shortages in materials or labor, defects
in design or construction, diversion of management resources, insufficient funding, or other resource constraints. Actual costs for development
may also exceed our planned budget. Delays, cost overruns, changes in market circumstances and other factors may result in different
outcomes than those intended. If any development projects are delayed or more expensive than contemplated, our operations may be adversely
impacted, and we may not realize, or may be delayed in realizing, the benefits of such projects.

Community
opposition to the operation of our data centers could result in risks to our operations and our financial condition and results of operations.

Our Mining operations and planned HPC data centers
involve the use of a large number of high-powered Miners and computers (as applicable) as well as support systems that generate noise
and can use significant amounts of electricity and water. This noise and resource use can pose several risks to our business including
community complaints, reputational damage, litigation risk, regulatory risk, operational constraints, increased costs and opposition
to expansion. These risks could lead to fines or penalties imposed by local governments, requirements to implement costly noise mitigation
measures or restrictions on the use of electricity, restrictions on our operating hours, reduction of scale of our operations, stricter
noise controls regulations on our operations, potential shutdown of data centers that cannot meet local noise regulations or face extensive
community opposition due to the data centers’ use of electricity, damages resulting from lawsuits and difficulty obtaining necessary
permits and approvals for expanding existing data centers or establishing new site operations. While we strive to be a good corporate
citizen and mitigate noise impacts and any alleged impacts of electricity and water usage where possible, the inherently noisy and energy-intensive
nature of large-scale Bitcoin Mining operations and HPC data centers presents ongoing risks to our business that may negatively affect
our financial condition and results of operations.

Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all potential losses, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations.

Where
considered practical to do so, we intend to maintain insurance against risks in the operation of our business and in amounts that we
believe to be reasonable. Such insurance, however, contains, and may in the future contain, exclusions and limitations on coverage. There
can be no assurance that such insurance will continue to be available, will be available at economically acceptable premiums or will
be adequate to cover any resulting liability. The novelty of the Bitcoin industry has impaired and may continue to impair our ability
to acquire adequate insurance coverage for risks associated with our operations. The occurrence of an event that is not covered, in full
or in part, by insurance may cause us substantial economic damage. In some cases, such as with respect to environmental risks, coverage
is not available or considered by management to be too expensive relative to the perceived risk.

It
is expected there would be limited legal recourse in the event of a loss of Bitcoin. Our Bitcoin, which is held in custody by Coinbase
Custody and Anchorage Digital, is not fully insured. Although Coinbase Custody maintains an insurance policy of $320 million for its
cold storage and Anchorage Digital maintains an insurance policy of $50 million for its cold and hot storage, the full limits of those
policies may not be available to us or, if available, sufficient to make us whole for any Bitcoin that are lost or stolen from its account.
Therefore, a loss may be suffered with respect to our Bitcoin that is not covered by insurance and for which no person is liable for
damages. Further, we do not hold our Bitcoin with a banking institution or a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”)
or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”) and, therefore, our Bitcoin is not subject to the protections
enjoyed by depositors with FDIC or SIPC member institutions.

Any
losses incurred by us that are not adequately covered by insurance or for which insurance coverage is not available or has not been obtained
could adversely impact us, including our financial condition and results of operations.

16

Our
owned and leased properties, including our Infrastructure Assets and our Bitcoin Mining sites, are subject to a range of risks associated
with their physical condition and ongoing operations.  These risks include, but are not limited to: defects in construction
or repair, structural or building damage, noncompliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health, or safety laws and
regulations, and failure to meet building permit or zoning requirements.  Our facilities may also be exposed to damage resulting
from natural disasters and the effects of climate change, such as fire, earthquake, hurricane, tornado, flood, extreme temperatures,
and other severe weather events, as well as risks arising from vandalism, theft, sabotage, animal incursions, and terrorism.

Additionally,
we may face claims from employees, contractors, or third parties for injuries or damages sustained at our sites.  While we
maintain insurance coverage with leading providers and implement security measures and operational protocols consistent with industry
standards for HPC and data center infrastructure, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate to cover all potential
losses or that coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms.  Certain events, including catastrophic
losses or damages not covered by insurance, could result in significant downtime, disruption of operations, or material adverse effects
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We operate in intensely competitive industries,
and increased competition could erode our market share and adversely impact our profitability.

Our business is in intensely competitive industries,
and we compete with other Bitcoin Mining companies in our legacy segment, as well as with established and emerging HPC data center operators
in our primary growth segment, some of which have, or may in the future have, greater resources and experience. A fundamental property
of Bitcoin Mining is that the computational complexity of the Mining algorithm increases over time. This factor, along with new industry
entrants, price volatility and, with respect to Bitcoin, any future Bitcoin Halvings, may make certain cryptocurrencies relatively unprofitable
to mine compared to others.

Despite our strategic planning and expected advantages
over certain of our competitors, we may face unexpected competition in the form of new entrants in the marketplace. Such competition
could erode our expected market share and could adversely impact our profitability. Increased competition in the Bitcoin Mining industry
could result in increased network computing resources and consequently increased hash difficulty.

Additionally,
we may compete with other companies in the power generation industry. New parties may offer wholesale electricity bundled with other
products or at prices that are below our rates. Other companies with which we compete in power generation may have greater liquidity,
greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures,
greater ability to incur losses or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than
we do. Competitors may also have better access to subsidies or other out-of-market payments that put us at a competitive disadvantage.

We
also compete for access to energy-advantaged land positions, grid interconnections, engineering and operational talent, and customers
seeking scalable, energy-efficient data center capacity for HPC and AI workloads.

Our
competitors in the power generation industry may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies,
or to devote greater resources to marketing of wholesale power than we can. In addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic
acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors
or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors in the power generation industry, and any failure to do so
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Our inability to attract
and retain key employees and qualified personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and prospects.

Loss of our key employees, or an inability
to attract and retain such management and other personnel, could negatively affect our business.

We
depend on a number of key employees including, in particular, the members of our management, the departure, death, disability or other
extended loss of services of any of whom, particularly with little or no notice, could cause delays on projects, frustrate our growth
prospects and have an adverse impact on our industry relationships, project exploration and development programs, other aspects of our
business and our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects. We have not historically purchased, and, in the
future, do not expect to purchase, key person insurance on such individuals, which insurance would provide us with insurance proceeds
in the event of their death.

17

The
growth and development of our business also depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified management and personnel while
maintaining our corporate culture and technical standards. We face competition for personnel from other employers. If we are unable to
attract or retain qualified personnel as required, we may not be able to adequately manage and implement our business plan. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to manage such growth effectively or that our Management, personnel or systems will be adequate
to support our operations.

We
sell capacity, energy, and ancillary services to the wholesale power grid managed by PJM. Our business may be affected by state interference
in the competitive wholesale marketplace.

We
sell capacity, energy, and ancillary services to the wholesale power grid managed by PJM. The competitive wholesale marketplace may be
impacted by out-of-market subsidies provided by states or state entities, including bailouts of uneconomic electric power generating
plants, imports of power from Canada, renewable mandates or subsidies, mandates to sell power below its cost of acquisition and associated
costs, as well as out-of-market payments to new or existing generators. These out-of-market subsidies to existing or new generation undermine
the competitive wholesale marketplace, which can lead to premature retirement of existing facilities, including those owned by us. If
these measures continue, capacity and energy prices may be suppressed, and we may not be successful in our efforts to insulate the competitive
market from this interference. Our wholesale power revenue may be materially impacted by rules or regulations that allow regulated utilities
to participate in competitive wholesale markets or to own and operate rate-regulated facilities that provide capacity, energy and ancillary
services that could be provided by competitive market participants.

Risks
Related to HPC Infrastructure Operations

The
Company’s increased focus on developing data centers for HPC and AI workloads may not become profitable in the future and may result
in adverse consequences to the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

We
are subject to risks and uncertainties of starting a new business, including the risk that we may never further develop or complete development
of our proposed HPC data center business. Although our construction and operations teams have prior experience in the HPC Infrastructure
field and we believe focusing on developing data centers for HPC companies will be beneficial to our shareholders, the HPC data center
business is rapidly evolving. We have limited experience in developing an HPC Infrastructure business and we have not previously constructed
and operated an HPC data center, which may impact our efforts and our ability to accurately assess our prospects; thus, there is no guarantee
that we will successfully implement our development plans or that this business will become profitable in the future.

Furthermore,
we may experience difficulties with infrastructure development or modification, engineering, or design, which could result in excessive
capital expenditures and significant delays. For example, we are designing our HPC data centers to support NVIDIA’s next-generation
Vera Rubin GPUs. Vera Rubin GPUs require specifically designed facilities with certain power and cooling requirements. However, Vera
Rubin GPUs have not yet been shipped to purchasers, and there can be no assurance that the design of our facilities will support the
efficient operation of Vera Rubin GPUs to the extent anticipated by us, or at all. Our efforts to construct and operate HPC data centers
may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate and may not result in increased revenue or profitability in the short term or at
all.

18

The
likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties, complications, problems and delays frequently encountered
in connection with the expansion of a business and operating a business in an industry that is novel, competitive and rapidly evolving.

There
can be no assurance that we will ever operate HPC data centers profitably and it may be possible that a continued focus on operating
Bitcoin Mining data centers would have been more profitable.

Our
business expansion into HPC Infrastructure may be capital intensive and could affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial
condition.

Our
expansion into HPC Infrastructure is expected to increase capital intensity and shift the timing of cash inflows relative to capital
outlays. Developing and constructing data center campuses requires substantial up-front capital expenditures for land, substations, interconnection
and specialized cooling systems, which may temporarily reduce liquidity.

This
business expansion introduces uncertainties that could impact our liquidity and capital resources. Increased capital expenditure requirements
for new HPC data centers may accelerate cash deployment and increase short-term liquidity needs. The timing of cash inflows may shift,
as hosting and leasing revenues generally materialize after construction completion and customer onboarding, resulting in a lag between
capital investment and revenue realization. Although our Bitcoin-backed liquidity and treasury activities provide flexibility, we may
need to seek additional financing, through debt, equity, or infrastructure-oriented funding, to meet project-scale capital demands or
to preserve Bitcoin holdings during periods of market volatility.

Constructing
HPC data centers requires significantly higher capital expenditures compared to Bitcoin Mining facilities, and we may be unable to secure
capital or financing for our construction efforts to develop HPC data centers.

Constructing
HPC data centers requires significant capital expenditures, in particular when compared to capital expenditures for Bitcoin Mining facilities.
If we are not able to secure capital or financing to fund our construction efforts with respect to HPC data centers, the completion of
such projects may be delayed and our ability to collect any potential rental revenue or to otherwise monetize such facilities may be
compromised, which could have an adverse effect on our expansion strategy and our ability to generate significant or any revenue from
an HPC data center business.

19

Significant
competition for suitable data center sites and regulatory constraints could adversely impact our development pipeline, expansion strategy,
and results of operations.

There
is significant competition for suitable data center sites, particularly in supply-constrained geographies with access to reliable, low-cost
power and robust fiber connectivity.  Our ability to leverage our portfolio of secured and contracted sites may be impacted
by factors outside our control, including regulatory or permitting delays, community opposition, or changes in local land use or environmental
regulations. Securing agreements for power interconnection, and obtaining the necessary permits, approvals, and licenses to construct
and operate data centers, may be delayed, denied, or become cost prohibitive due to regulatory processes or evolving policy priorities.

Governmental
actions, including the introduction of new regulations or restrictions on HPC data centers, or digital asset Mining operations, may reduce
the availability of electricity, increase its cost, or otherwise adversely affect our business and development pipeline. In addition,
development and construction delays, cost overruns, changes in market dynamics, environmental or community constraints, and the inability
to continue securing suitable data center locations may adversely impact our operations, expansion strategy, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We
depend on significant customers for our HPC data centers.

Many
factors, including global economic conditions, may cause our HPC data center customers to experience a downturn in their businesses or
otherwise experience a lack of liquidity, which may weaken their financial condition and impact our estimates as to the probability of
collectability of payments, and ultimately result in their failure to make timely rental and other payments or their default under their
agreements with us. Further, the development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards or other factors could render
our HPC data center customers’ current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses,
thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. If a customer defaults
or fails to make timely rent or other payments, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial
costs in protecting our investment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

If
a customer becomes a debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict the customer solely because of the bankruptcy.
In addition, the bankruptcy court might authorize the customer to reject and terminate its contracts with us. Our claim against the customer
for unpaid, future rent and other payments would be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining amounts
actually owed under their agreements with us. In either case, our claim for unpaid rent and other amounts would likely not be paid in
full. Our revenue could be materially adversely affected if a significant customer were to become bankrupt or insolvent, suffer a downturn
in its businesses, fail to renew its contract or renew on terms less favorable to us than its current terms.

20

Our
contracts with HPC data center customers could subject us to significant liability.

In
the ordinary course of business, we aim to continuously enter into agreements with customers pursuant to which we provide data center
space, power, environmental controls, physical security and connectivity products to our HPC data center customers. These contracts typically
contain indemnification and liability provisions, in addition to service level commitments, which could potentially impose a significant
cost on us in the event of losses arising out of certain breaches of such agreements, services to be provided by us or our subcontractors
or from third-party claims. HPC data center customers increasingly are looking to pass through their regulatory obligations and other
liabilities to their outsourced data center providers and we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in an event of loss suffered
by such customers whether as a result of our breach of an agreement or otherwise. If such an event of loss occurred, we could be liable
for material monetary damages and could incur significant legal fees in defending against such an action, which could adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. We may also develop space specifically for HPC data center customers pursuant to agreements
signed prior to beginning or early in the development process. In those cases, if we fail to meet our development obligations under those
agreements, these customers may be able to terminate their agreements and we would be required to find a new customer for this space.
In addition, in certain circumstances we may lease HPC data center facilities prior to their completion. If we fail to complete the facilities
in a timely manner, the customer may be entitled to terminate its agreement, seek damages or penalties against us or pursue other remedies
and we may be required to find a new customer for the space. If we are not able to complete an HPC data center in a timely manner, if
development costs are higher than we currently estimate, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be materially
adversely affected.

Additionally,
a customer’s decision to lease space and power in our HPC data center typically involves a significant commitment of resources
and due diligence on the part of our customers regarding the adequacy of our facilities. As a result, we may expend significant time
and resources in pursuing a particular transaction that may not result in revenue. Economic conditions, including market downturns and
the implementation of new tariffs and more restrictive trade regulations may impact customers’ ability to plan future business
activities, which could cause customers to slow spending or delay decision-making. Our inability to adequately manage the risks associated
with these developments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Certain
of our agreements with HPC data center customers may include restrictions on providing HPC data center services to certain third parties,
which could have a material adverse effect on us.

Certain
of our customer agreements may prohibit us from providing HPC data center services to certain third parties, including competitors of
existing HPC data center customers. The existence of such restrictions could hinder our ability to enter into agreements with additional
HPC data center customers, which could have a material adverse affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

21

The
development and advancement in the efficiency of HPC and AI models presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business
and operating results.

The
introduction of, and advancement in the efficiency of HPC and AI models could potentially adversely affect data center usage by significantly
reducing the computational power needed to train HPC and AI models, potentially leading to less demand for high-power density, liquid-cooled
data center infrastructure and colocation facilities. New advancements in HPC and AI models could also alter the way data centers are
currently designed and utilized and may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Bitcoin

Periodic
Bitcoin halving events reduce Mining rewards and could render our Mining operations unprofitable for sustained periods, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business.

The Bitcoin reward for solving a block is subject
to periodic incremental halving. Halving is a process designed to control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in Bitcoin
using a proof of work consensus algorithm. At a predetermined block, the Mining reward is cut in half, hence the term “halving”.
The Bitcoin blockchain has undergone halvings four times since its inception. Most recently, in April 2024, the Bitcoin Block Reward
decreased from 6.25 to 3.125 Bitcoin per block, a Bitcoin Halving, and, consequently, the number of new Bitcoin issued to Miners as a
subsidy decreased to approximately 450 per day, excluding transaction fees.

The
April 24, 2024, Bitcoin Halving had a significant negative impact on our profitability for several months following the Bitcoin Halving.
It took approximately six months for our revenue per teraHash to return to the level experienced prior to the recent Bitcoin Halving.
Given that profitability is required for self-acting agents to perform Mining to continue to support the validation of transactions,
the expected impact of the Bitcoin Halving is that market variables of Bitcoin price will adjust over time to ensure that Mining remains
profitable. The period of market normalization after the next Bitcoin Halving to incentivize profitability levels is unknown.

A
Bitcoin Halving is scheduled to occur once every 210,000 blocks, or roughly every four years, until the total amount of Bitcoin rewards
issued reaches 21 million, which is expected to occur around the year 2140. Once 21 million Bitcoin are generated, the network will stop
producing more. The next Bitcoin Halving is expected to occur in 2028, at which time Bitcoin Block Rewards will decrease from 3.125 Bitcoin
per block to 1.5625 Bitcoin per block. While Bitcoin prices have had a history of price fluctuations around Bitcoin Halving events, there
is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in Mining reward and the corresponding
decrease in the compensation we receive from the Mining Pool(s) in which we participate.

If
Bitcoin price and difficulty do not maintain or continue their trend of adjusting to pre-Bitcoin Halving profitability levels over time,
or the period of market normalization after the Bitcoin Halving to pre-Bitcoin Halving profitability levels is too long, there is a risk
that a future Bitcoin Halving will render us unprofitable.

Our
reliance on a single third-party Mining Pool operator subjects us to concentration risk that could have a material adverse effect on
our operations.

We
participate in a single Mining Pool, being the Foundry Pool. Consequently, our operations are substantially reliant on Foundry Pool and
the terms of services and other terms and conditions that govern its relationship with Foundry Pool. Foundry Pool has the right to unilaterally
modify the service agreement between it and us at any time without notice. This includes the right to modify the payout methodology or
Mining Pool fees.

22

Pursuant
to the terms and conditions of Foundry Pool, we have also agreed to release, indemnify and hold Foundry Pool harmless from any and all
losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death)
arising out of or relating to our participation in Foundry Pool. In the event of any such losses, damages, or expenses, we may experience
an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

In the event that Foundry Pool (or any other
Mining Pool in which we participate) ceases making payments to us for any reason, including bankruptcy, insolvency or cessation of its
operations, or for no reason, or modifies its payout methodology or Mining Pool fees or any other terms in a manner that is unattractive
or unacceptable to us, we would expect to immediately cease contributing our Hash power to such Mining Pool operator and either: (i)
join a different Mining Pool operator (or our back-up Mining Pool); or (iii) commence Mining without a Mining Pool operator. In the event
that we are unable to make such a switch of our operations in a timely manner and our Mining operations experience significant down time,
we may experience an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As a control measure, on a monthly
basis, we calculate the revenues we should earn based on our theoretical Hashrate and compare it to the payments we received from Foundry
Pool. As of the date hereof, we have not identified any material discrepancies between our calculations and payments actually received
from Foundry Pool. In the event that we identify a material difference, we may have to engage in litigation and/or cease our relationship
with Foundry Pool, either of which may have a material adverse effect on us.

Our
third-party hosting agreements expose us to counter-party and operational risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We
are currently party to, and may in the future, enter additional third-party hosting agreements. Under such agreements, the performance
and physical security of our Miners are reliant on such hosting providers. Although hosting providers are contractually obligated to
perform to industry standards, any failure on the part of a hosting provider will subject our operations to risks which may have a material
adverse effect. Additionally, hosting providers may be subject to curtailment of power supplies or other restrictive regulation at the
discretion of applicable regulators, which is beyond our control and that of the hosting provider.

The
limited history of the decentralized financial system and the susceptibility of cryptocurrency exchanges to fraud and failure could adversely
affect our business and the value of our Bitcoin holdings.

Compared
to traditional and existing centralized financial systems, the Bitcoin financial system is relatively new and has a limited history.
Online cryptocurrency exchanges and trades therein operate with comparatively little regulation and are particularly susceptible to platform
failures and fraudulent activities, which may have an adverse effect on the underlying prices of cryptocurrencies. As a result, we may
now or in the future have investments in certain cryptocurrency platforms that become insolvent. In fact, many of the largest online
cryptocurrency exchanges have been compromised by hackers. Considering these and other factors, traditional banks and other banking institutions
may limit or refuse the provision of banking services to businesses that supply cryptocurrencies as payment and may refuse to accept
money derived from cryptocurrency-related businesses. This may make the establishment and management of bank accounts held by companies
operating in the industry difficult or impossible. We have experienced and may in the future experience such banking challenges, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin we earn or otherwise
acquire or hold for our own account.

The
Company’s Bitcoin holdings could subject the Company to regulatory scrutiny and potential restrictions on future transactions.

The
characteristics of Bitcoin have been, and may in the future continue to be, exploited to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money
laundering, tax evasion, and ransomware scams. Furthermore, the exchanges on which Bitcoin trades are relatively new and, in most cases,
largely unregulated and may therefore be more exposed to fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other assets. Such
circumstances may result in a reduction in the price of Bitcoin and can adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

23

Bitcoin
and the exchanges on which Bitcoin trades are relatively new and, in most cases, largely unregulated. Certain characteristics, including
the speed with which Bitcoin transactions can be conducted, the ability to conduct transactions without the involvement of regulated
intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, the irreversible nature of certain Bitcoin transactions,
and encryption technology that anonymizes these transactions make Bitcoin, and digital currencies generally, particularly susceptible
to use in illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, tax evasion, and ransomware scams. Furthermore, many Bitcoin exchanges do
not typically provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices,
or regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, Bitcoin exchanges,
including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of Bitcoin trading.

Regulators
are increasingly focused on the use of digital assets in illicit activities, such as money laundering and sanctions violations. While
we maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable anti-money laundering and sanctions laws
and to acquire Bitcoin only from regulated entities, if we are found to have unknowingly transacted with bad actors that have used Bitcoin
to launder money or persons subject to sanctions, we could face regulatory proceedings and may be prohibited or restricted from engaging
in further transactions or dealings in Bitcoin. Furthermore, negative perception, a lack of stability in the broader Bitcoin markets,
and the closure or temporary shutdown of Bitcoin exchanges due to fraud, business failure, hackers, malware, or government-mandated regulation
may reduce confidence in Bitcoin and result in greater volatility in the prices of Bitcoin. A number of Bitcoin exchanges have been closed
due to fraud, failure, or security breaches. In many of these instances, the customers of such Bitcoin exchanges were not compensated
or made whole for the partial or complete losses of their account balances in such Bitcoin exchanges. To the extent investors view our
Common Shares as linked to the value of our Bitcoin holdings, such a negative perception of Bitcoin exchanges could have a material adverse
effect on the price of our Common Shares.

It
may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell, or use Bitcoin or other digital assets, participate in blockchains
or utilize similar digital assets in one or more countries.

Although
currently digital assets generally are not regulated or are lightly regulated in most countries, countries such as China have taken harsh
regulatory action to curb the use of digital assets and may continue to take regulatory action in the future that could severely restrict
the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, or use these digital assets or to exchange them for fiat currency. For example, in 2021 China
instituted a blanket ban on all digital asset Mining and transactions, including overseas digital asset exchange services taking place
in China, effectively making all digital asset-related activities illegal in China. In certain nations, it is illegal to accept payment
in Bitcoin or other digital assets for consumer transactions, and banking institutions are barred from accepting deposits of Bitcoin.
Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of Bitcoin as a means of exchange is presently confined to certain regions
globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and
potentially the value of any Bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, ultimately harming investors.

If
a malicious actor or botnet obtains control of a majority of the processing power active on any digital asset network, including the
Bitcoin network, the blockchain may be manipulated in a manner that adversely affects an investment in the Company.

If
a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions
of the computers) obtains a majority of the processing power dedicated to Mining on any digital asset network, including the Bitcoin
network, it may be able to alter the blockchain by constructing fraudulent blocks or preventing certain transactions from completing
in a timely manner, or at all. In such alternate blocks, the malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude, or modify the ordering
of transactions, though it could not generate new digital assets or transactions using such control. Using alternate blocks, the malicious
actor could “double-spend” its own digital assets (i.e., spend the same digital assets in more than one transaction) and
prevent the confirmation of other users’ transactions for so long as it maintains control. To the extent that such malicious actor
or botnet did not yield its control of the processing power on the Bitcoin or other network, or the Bitcoin or other community did not
reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to the blockchain may not be possible.

24

Miners
ceasing operations would reduce the collective processing power on the Bitcoin network, which would adversely affect the confirmation
process for transactions (i.e., temporarily decreasing the speed at which blocks are added to the Bitcoin blockchain until the next scheduled
adjustment in difficulty for block solutions). If a reduction in processing power occurs, the Bitcoin network may be more vulnerable
to a malicious actor obtaining control in excess of 50% of the processing power on the Bitcoin network. Although there are no known reports
of malicious activity or control of the Bitcoin blockchain achieved through controlling over 50% of the processing power on the network,
it is believed that certain Mining Pools may have exceeded, and could exceed, the 50% threshold. The possible crossing of the 50% threshold
indicates a greater risk in that a single Mining Pool could exert authority over the validation of Bitcoin transactions. To the extent
that the Bitcoin or other digital asset ecosystems, including developers and administrators of Mining Pools, do not act to ensure greater
decentralization of Bitcoin or other digital asset Mining processing power, the feasibility of a malicious actor obtaining control of
the processing power on the Bitcoin or other network will increase, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Forks
in the Bitcoin network may occur in the future, which may affect the value of Bitcoin held by the Company.

Contributors
can propose refinements or improvements to the Bitcoin network’s source code that alter the protocols and software that govern
the Bitcoin network and the properties of Bitcoin, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the Mining of new
Bitcoin. This is known as a “fork.” In the event a developer or group of developers proposes modifications to the Bitcoin
network that are not accepted by a majority of miners and users, but that are nonetheless accepted by a substantial plurality of miners
and users, two or more competing and incompatible blockchain implementations could result running in parallel, yet lacking interchangeability
and necessitating exchange-type transactions to convert currencies between the two forks. This is known as a “hard fork.”

The
value of Bitcoin after the creation of a fork is subject to many factors, including the value of the fork product, market reaction to
the creation of the fork product, and the occurrence of additional forks in the future. It may be unclear following a fork which fork
represents the original asset and which is the new asset. If we hold Bitcoin at the time of a hard fork into two digital assets, industry
standards would dictate that we would be expected to hold an equivalent amount of the old and new assets following the fork. However,
we may not be able, or it may not be practical, to secure or realize the economic benefit of the new asset for various reasons. For instance,
we may determine that there is no safe or practical way to custody the new asset, that trying to do so may pose an unacceptable risk
to our holdings in the old asset, or that the costs of taking possession and/or maintaining ownership of the new digital asset exceed
the benefits of owning the new digital asset. Additionally, laws, regulation, or other factors may prevent us from benefiting from the
new asset even if there is a safe and practical way to custody and secure the new asset. As such, we may not be able to realize the economic
benefit of a fork, either immediately or ever, which could adversely affect the value of the Bitcoin we hold as well as our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Fraud
or failure of Bitcoin exchanges, custodians, and other trading venues could adversely impact Bitcoin prices and our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

Bitcoin
market prices depend, directly or indirectly, on the prices set on exchanges and other trading venues. As compared to traditional securities,
derivatives and currency exchanges, cryptocurrency exchanges, custodians and other trading venues are relatively new and, in most cases,
largely unregulated, which may make them more susceptible to fraud and failure. The fraud and failure of several cryptocurrency platforms
and other actors in the industry, including recent and ongoing bankruptcies of several large cryptocurrency exchanges in the second half
of 2022 and into early 2023 (namely, FTX Trading Ltd., Celsius Network LLC, BlockFi, Voyager Digital Ltd., Three Arrows Capital, and
Genesis Global Holdco LLC), as well as additional market disruptions and bankruptcies in 2024 and 2025, have impacted and may continue
to impact the broader cryptocurrency ecosystem, including Bitfarms. In response to these and other recent events, digital asset markets,
including the market for Bitcoin specifically, have experienced extreme price volatility, reduced liquidity, and increased uncertainty.
Several other entities in the digital asset industry have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected, further undermining confidence
in digital asset markets and in Bitcoin. These events have also negatively impacted the liquidity of the digital asset markets and, in
turn, the market price of shares of companies in the Bitcoin industry, including us, as certain entities affiliated with bankrupt or
distressed cryptocurrency exchanges and trading venues have engaged in significant trading activity. If the liquidity of the digital
asset markets continues to be negatively impacted by these or similar events, digital asset prices (including the price of Bitcoin) may
continue to experience significant volatility and confidence in the digital asset markets may be further undermined. These and similar
events are ongoing and may occur with respect to other participants in the digital asset ecosystem in the future, and it is not possible
to predict at this time all of the risks that such events may pose to us, our service providers, the other third parties with which we
do business, or the digital asset industry as a whole. Although we have no direct exposure to any of the above-mentioned cryptocurrency
companies (other than BlockFi prior to our repayment of indebtedness under our equipment financing arrangement with BlockFi, as discussed
in this Annual Report) nor any material assets that may not be recovered or may otherwise be lost or misappropriated due to the bankruptcies,
the failure or insolvency of large exchanges may cause the price of Bitcoin to fall and decrease confidence in the larger ecosystem,
which could adversely affect an investment in us. Such market volatility has had a material and adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition, and we expect our results of operations to continue to be affected by the price of Bitcoin as the results of
our operations are significantly tied to the price of Bitcoin.

25

These
and similar events have had, and, in the future, may have, an adverse impact on the profitability of our Bitcoin Mining operations and
our financial condition and results of operations.

To
the extent that cryptocurrency exchanges or other trading venues are involved in fraud or experience security failures or other operational
issues in the future, Bitcoin prices could be suddenly and adversely impacted. Furthermore, fraud or failure of the current and future
custodians of our Bitcoin or exchanges can result in a direct loss of our Bitcoin and fiat currency assets, which loss may not be recoverable
by us, whether under any insurance policies it has in place or otherwise.

Increases
in cryptocurrency Network Difficulty and global computing power could reduce our Mining revenues and adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition.

Network
Difficulty is a measure of how difficult it is to solve the cryptographic hash that is required to validate a block of transactions and
earn a cryptocurrency reward from Mining. As Mining companies produce more hashrate and the Bitcoin network hashrate is increased, the
Bitcoin Network Difficulty is adjusted upwards by requiring more hashrate to be deployed to solve a block. Thus, Mining companies are
further incentivized to grow their hashrate to maintain or improve their chance of earning new Bitcoin rewards. In theory, these dual
processes should continually replicate themselves until the supply of available Bitcoin is exhausted. In response, Mining companies have
attempted to achieve greater hashrate by deploying increasingly sophisticated, powerful and expensive Miners in ever greater quantities.
If the price of Bitcoin is not sufficiently high to allow us to fund our desired hashrate growth, including through new Miner acquisitions,
and if we are otherwise unable to access additional capital to acquire Miners, our hashrate may stagnate and fall behind our competitors,
potentially resulting in a decline in our revenues, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.

Additionally,
the open-source structure of the Bitcoin network protocol means the developers to the protocol are typically not directly compensated
for their contributions in maintaining and developing the protocol. Failure to properly monitor and upgrade the Bitcoin network protocol
could damage the Bitcoin network and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations,
and could cause the market value of our Common Shares to decline.

Bitcoin
transactions are irreversible, and erroneous or compromised transfers could result in permanent losses that adversely affect our business.

Bitcoin
transactions are irreversible. Improper or compromised transfers are also generally irreversible and irrevocable. Such errors may be
the result of computer or human error despite internal controls we have adopted to mitigate this risk. To the extent that we are unable
to seek a corrective transaction with the third party or are incapable of identifying the third party that has received our Bitcoin through
error or theft, we will be unable to revert or otherwise recover incorrectly transferred Bitcoin. We may also be unable to convert or
recover Bitcoin transferred to uncontrolled accounts.

The
use of Bitcoin to, among other things, buy and sell goods and services and complete other transactions is part of a new and rapidly evolving
industry that employs digital assets based upon a computer generated mathematical and/or cryptographic protocol. The growth of this industry
in general, and the use of Bitcoin in particular, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and the slowing or stopping of the development
or acceptance of developing protocols may adversely affect our operations. The factors affecting the further development of the industry,
include, but are not limited to:

● Continued
worldwide growth in the adoption and use of Bitcoin;

● Governmental
and quasi-governmental regulation of Bitcoin and its use, or restrictions on or regulation
of access to and operation of the network or similar cryptocurrency systems;

26

● Changes
in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences;

● The
maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the network;

● The
availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services,
including new means of using fiat currencies;

● General
economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets; and

Negative
consumer sentiment and perception of Bitcoin specifically and cryptocurrencies generally.

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology, Data Security and Privacy

Cybersecurity
threats and hacking attacks could compromise our systems and data, resulting in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Threats
to network and data security are increasingly diverse and sophisticated, and security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking
attacks have been an increasing concern and could be enhanced or facilitated by AI. Despite our efforts and processes in place to prevent
them, our computer servers and systems may be vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic
break-ins, employee theft or misuse and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. As techniques used to breach security change
frequently and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to promptly detect that a cyber breach
has occurred, implement security measures in a timely manner or, when implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which
these measures could be circumvented. Recent developments in the cyber threat landscape include the use of AI and machine learning, as
well as an increased number of cyber extortion and ransomware attacks, with the potential for higher ransom demand amounts and increasing
sophistication and variety of ransomware techniques and methodology.

Further,
any adoption of AI by us or by third parties may pose new security challenges. A party who is able to compromise the security measures
on our networks or the security of our infrastructure could misappropriate the proprietary or sensitive information of us or employees,
or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation.
We also may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by
cyber breaches in our physical or virtual security systems. Any breaches that may occur in the future could expose us to increased risk
of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of potential customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation,
and increases in security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The cybersecurity regulatory landscape continues to evolve and compliance with the proposed reporting requirements could further complicate
our ability to resolve cyber-attacks. Comprehensive cyber risk coverage may be limited in availability, and even when implemented, may
not fully cover all potential losses associated with cyber incidents.

We
will take measures to protect us and our Bitcoin from unauthorized access, damage or theft; however, it is possible that our security
systems may not prevent improper access to, or damage or theft of, our Bitcoin holdings. A security breach could harm our reputation
or result in the loss of some or all of our Bitcoin. A resulting perception that our measures do not adequately protect our Bitcoin holdings
could result in a loss of current or potential shareholders, reducing demand for our Common Shares and causing our shares to decrease
in value.

Server
or Internet failures could interrupt our operations and cause us significant economic harm.

At
any time, the servers, central processing units, GPUs, networking equipment, or other critical computing infrastructure utilized by us
could experience a severe malfunction and/or collapse. Although we will work to reduce this risk by employing a team of experts with
many years of experience in building and managing data centers as well as a hardware team that focuses, among other things, on Miner
repair and the daily evaluation of the technical condition of the Bitcoin data centers and HPC data centers that we operate, including
through software (developed by our management) that facilitates, among other things, control, management and reporting of malfunctions
in real time or any server crashes or failures, even if quickly addressed, such malfunctions may interrupt our operations and cause us
significant economic harm.

27

Our
HPC data centers will rely on the continuous and reliable operation of high-density computing equipment, advanced cooling systems, and
power distribution infrastructure. A failure of any of these systems could result in downtime that impairs our ability to meet the service
level commitments in our future lease agreements with HPC data center tenants, which could give rise to financial penalties, service
credits, early lease terminations, claims for damages, lost revenue, and reputational harm that could adversely affect our ability to
attract and retain tenants. In addition, Internet disruptions or failures may adversely affect the Mining and use of cryptocurrencies,
including Bitcoin, as well as our HPC data center operations. Generally, cryptocurrencies and our business of Mining Bitcoin are dependent
upon the Internet. A significant disruption or failure of Internet connectivity, including of our backup Internet connection, could disrupt
the network operations of Bitcoin until the disruption is resolved and have an adverse effect on the price of Bitcoin and our ability
to mine Bitcoin. Our HPC data centers will likely require continuous, high-speed, and low-latency Internet and fiber connectivity to
support the compute workloads of our tenants. We expect to depend on third-party fiber network providers to deliver this connectivity,
and we may have limited control over the reliability, redundancy, or restoration timelines of such third-party networks. Any significant
disruption or degradation of fiber connectivity or Internet service to our HPC data centers—whether caused by fiber cuts, equipment
failures, cyberattacks, natural disasters, or other events—could impair our tenants’ operations and our ability to satisfy
the uptime and performance commitments in our lease agreements. Such disruptions could result in service level penalties, lost revenue,
tenant claims for damages, early lease terminations, and reputational damage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Any potential use of emerging technologies
like AI, machine learning and generative AI could lead to unintended consequences and result in reputational harm and litigation.

We continue to evaluate emerging technologies
like AI, machine learning and generative AI for incorporation into our business. State and federal regulations relating to these emerging
technologies are quickly evolving, and should we adopt such technologies, we may require significant resources to maintain our business
practices while seeking to comply with U.S. laws. Any failure to accurately identify and address our responsibilities and liabilities
in this new environment could negatively affect any solutions we develop that incorporate such technologies and could subject us to reputational
harm, regulatory action or litigation, any of which may harm our financial condition and operating results. These same risks apply to
our use of third-party service providers who are implementing these tools into the products or services they provide to us.

We are currently making considerable investments
in our information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations
and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We have been making considerable investments in
our information technology systems and processes and expect such investment to continue for the foreseeable future in support of our Bitcoin
Mining operations and our expansion into HPC hosting and colocation. These continuing investments and upgrades include the implementation
of new tools and technologies to further streamline and automate processes, including with respect to procurement, and to support our
compliance with evolving U.S. GAAP. These investments and upgrades and may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned.
As a result of our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems and business disruptions. Any such
difficulties or disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Risks
Related to our Corporate Structure and Organization

Our
compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation,
operating results, and financial condition.

Our
ability to comply with applicable complex and evolving laws, regulations, and rules is largely dependent on the maintenance of our compliance,
audit, and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel.
While we devote significant resources to develop policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks, we cannot assure
you that our policies and procedures will always be effective against all types of risks, including unidentified or unanticipated risks,
or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed in all market environments.

We
are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We
are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
In particular, exchange rate fluctuations may affect the costs that we incur in our operations. Bitcoin are generally sold in U.S. dollars
and a portion of our costs are incurred in Canadian dollars. The appreciation of non-U.S. dollar currencies against the U.S. dollar could
increase the cost of Mining in U.S. dollar terms. Furthermore, we intend to operate HPC data centers in both the U.S. and Canada, and
such operations will generate revenue in the currency of the data center location. In addition, we hold cash balances in both U.S. dollars
and Canadian dollars, the values of which are impacted by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

28

Our
business could be negatively impacted by unsolicited investor interest, takeover proposals, shareholder activism or proxy contests.

We
could be negatively impacted by unsolicited investor interest, takeover proposals, shareholder activism, or proxy contests . In the future,
similar actions taken by third parties, including unsolicited takeover proposals, the initiation of proxy contests, and litigation by
adverse parties, could disrupt our business, distract management from efforts to improve the business, cause us to incur substantial
additional expenses, create perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, and result in significant fluctuations in the price of
our Common Shares, all of which could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

In
addition, anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents and under applicable law could make an acquisition of our company more
difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and directors, and depress the market price
of our common stock. These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes
in our management, even if such changes may be considered beneficial by some stockholders.

Furthermore,
we may become subject to shareholder litigation, class actions, or other legal proceedings in connection with such events, which may
divert management’s attention and resources from the operation of the business and result in substantial costs and damages.

We have in the past identified and remediated
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and our failure to maintain effective internal controls could adversely
affect our financial reporting and the price of our Common Shares.

Under
National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings and Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), we are required to document and test our internal control procedures and prepare
annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our assessments must include disclosure
of identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. The existence of one or more material weaknesses
could affect the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting. Testing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting involves
significant costs and could divert management’s attention from other matters that are important to our business. Additionally,
we may not be successful in remediating any deficiencies that may be identified.

Management identified a material weakness in the
effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for each of the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024, which
was remediated in 2025, related to controls over accounting for complex transactions. For more information, including a description of
the remediation efforts that were required to address the identified material weakness, refer to Item 9A, “Controls and Procedures”
section in this Annual Report. We cannot assure investors that the measures we have taken or, in the future, will take will in fact be
sufficient to remediate the control deficiencies that led to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting or
that such measures will prevent or avoid potential future material weaknesses, and our current controls and any new controls that we develop
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, additional weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting may be discovered in the future.

If we identify and are unable to remediate any
future material weaknesses and otherwise implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, there may be material
misstatements in our consolidated financial statements, we may be unable to comply with our reporting obligations on a timely basis, or
we may fail to prevent or detect fraud. In any such case, the price of the Common Shares could be negatively impacted, and we could be
unable to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to management or at all. The lack of effective internal controls could thus materially
adversely affect our financial condition and ability to implement our business plan.

Even
if we were to conclude in the future that our internal control over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP, because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all instances of fraud or misstatements.
Regardless of how well designed and operated a control system may be, it can only provide reasonable, not absolute, safeguards with respect
to the reliability of financial reporting and financial statement preparation.

29

Requirements associated with being a public
company in the United States and Canada require significant company resources and management attention.

As a public company, we are subject to certain
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, Canadian securities laws and other rules and regulations of the SEC, Nasdaq and the TSX. We
are also subject to various other regulatory requirements, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act. These rules require, among other things, the maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and
procedures, internal control over financial reporting, changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that
are often difficult to monitor and maintain compliance with. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount
of time to ensure compliance with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance
and risk becoming subject to fines, sanctions, litigation, being delisted and/or other regulatory action, among other potential problems.
We have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, as opposed to IFRS Accounting Standards. Such conversion
and modifications incurred additional one-time costs to present certain of our historic financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
retrospectively.

The
expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We have hired or
intend to hire additional accounting, finance, compliance and other personnel or engage external consultants in connection with our efforts
to comply with the requirements of being a public company. These requirements increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make
some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that the rules and regulations applicable to us as a public company
may make it increasingly more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer
liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain
the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it increasingly more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on the Board and committees of the Board, or as executive officers.

These
rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result,
their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance
practices.

We
are currently subject to securities class action litigation and may be subject to similar or other litigation in the future, which may
divert management’s attention.

On
May 9, 2025, a purported shareholder filed a putative class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of New York, in a case titled Olympio v. Bitfarms Ltd., Benjamin Gagnon, Jeffrey Lucas, and Geoff Morphy, case no 1:25-cv-02630, alleging
violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5, promulgated thereunder. The lawsuit alleges
that we, our current Chief Executive Officer, our former Chief Financial Officer and our former Chief Executive Officer made materially
false and/or misleading statements regarding our business, operations and internal controls over financial reporting (refer to Item 3.
“Legal Proceedings”). We cannot predict the duration or outcome of this lawsuit at this time. As a result, we are unable
to estimate the reasonably possible loss arising from this lawsuit. We are vigorously defending ourselves in this matter. The claims
in this lawsuit arise from circumstances related to the restatement described in previous filings, and any adverse outcome
could compound the costs and other adverse effects of the Restatement on our business, financial condition and the price of our Common
Shares.

There may be additional suits or proceedings brought
against us in the future. Monitoring and defending against legal actions, whether or not meritorious, consumes time and resources from
our management and detracts from our ability to fully focus our internal resources on our business activities. The duration of legal actions
cannot be predicted, and they are subject to several factors outside of our control. In addition, we may incur substantial legal fees
and other costs in connection with litigation and there can be no guarantee that we achieve a successful outcome in any legal actions
in which it is involved, in whole or in part. We have not at this time established any reserves for any potential liability relating to
these lawsuits. It is possible that we could, in the future, incur judgment or enter into settlement of claims for monetary damages. A
decision adverse to our interests in this lawsuit (or any future lawsuits, whether related or not) could result in the payment of substantial
damages and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the uncertainty
of the currently pending lawsuit could lead to volatility in the price of our Common Shares.

30

Risks
Related to the Company’s Capital Needs and Capital Strategy

We
may require additional capital in the future, and there can be no assurance that financing will be available on acceptable terms, which
could result in dilution to existing shareholders.

As of December 31, 2025, we had cash of $573.5
million, compared to $59.5 million as of December 31, 2024. In November 2025, we received approximately $568.9 million of net proceeds
from the issuance of the Convertible Notes and the purchase of capped call transactions. We expect to continue to depend upon selling
Bitcoin earned and in treasury and utilizing short-term debt, long-term debt and equity instruments to fund our ongoing expansion activities,
operating expenses and debt service requirements. Further, we expect that we will need to raise additional capital in the future to fund
development, more rapid expansion, respond to competitive pressures, acquire complementary businesses or technologies or take advantage
of unanticipated opportunities, and we may seek to do so through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements.
Our ability to secure any required financing will depend in part upon prevailing capital market conditions and business success. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to secure any additional financing on terms satisfactory to Management
or at all. Even if such funding is available, we cannot predict the size of future issues of Common Shares or securities convertible
into Common Shares or the effect, if any, that future issues and sales of Common Shares will have on the price of our Common Shares.

If
we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities, the percentage ownership of our existing shareholders may be reduced,
and such existing shareholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share. Any such newly-issued equity securities
may also have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of the Common Shares. If additional funds are raised through
the incurrence of indebtedness, such indebtedness may involve restrictive covenants that impair our ability of to pursue our growth strategy
and other aspects of our business plan, expose us to greater interest rate risk and volatility, require us to dedicate a substantial
portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund
working capital and capital expenditures, increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, place us at
a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt, limit our ability to borrow additional funds, and otherwise
subject us to the risks discussed herein. In connection with any such future capital raising transaction, whether involving the issuance
of equity securities or the incurrence of indebtedness, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to raise additional
capital for a period of time, which may limit or prevent us from raising capital at times when it would otherwise be opportunistic to
do so.

If
adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms or at all, we may be unable to develop or enhance our business, take advantage of
future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results.

Our
hedging activities may not be effective and could result in significant losses that adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition.

We
may actively engage in hedging practices with respect to our Bitcoin holdings to lessen the impact of Bitcoin volatility on our results
of operations and financial condition and to optimize Bitcoin monetization. Such practices may include selling short- and long-dated
call options on Bitcoin held in treasury and on anticipated future Bitcoin production. Although we undertake hedging activities
with the objective of risk mitigation, there can be no certainty that such activities will be profitable, and these activities could
result in significant losses. In particular, such option strategies may cap the upside potential of our Bitcoin holdings in a rising
market, and realized or unrealized losses on derivative positions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

31

In
addition, hedging practices involve transactions with third parties. Any settlement delay or failure, security breach, incurred cost
or loss of digital assets associated with the use of a counterparty could materially and adversely affect the execution of hedging strategies
and result in significant losses. Although we maintain rigorous controls on the implementation and monitoring of hedging strategies,
including our involvement with counterparties, there can be no assurance that such controls will be effective or timely or sufficient
in operation to avoid or even reduce losses.

Such hedging transactions may also limit the
opportunity for gain if the values of the portfolio investments should increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against a
particular fluctuation that is so generally anticipated by the markets that a hedging transaction at an acceptable price is unavailable.
In light of these and other factors, we may not be successful in mitigating our exposure to volatile economic conditions through any
hedging transactions it undertakes.

Adverse
global financial conditions and market volatility could affect our ability to obtain financing and may result in declines in our asset
values and Common Share price.

Global
financial conditions over the last few years have been characterized by volatility, which has contributed to the bankruptcy of several
financial institutions in the United States or the rescue thereof by governmental authorities. The continuation of such adverse economic
conditions and other related factors may affect our ability to obtain equity or debt financing in the future on terms favorable to us,
or at all, and may cause decreases in asset values that are deemed to be other than temporary, which may result in impairment losses.
If such levels of volatility and market turmoil continue, our financial condition may suffer and the price of our Common Shares may be
adversely affected.

Common Shares issuable upon conversion of
the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our shareholders or may adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares.

The
conversion of the Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our shareholders. Upon conversion of the Convertible Notes,
we will generally have the right to elect to settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, Common Shares or a combination
of cash and Common Shares. If we elect to settle our conversion obligation in Common Shares or a combination of cash and Common Shares,
any sales in the public market of our Common Shares issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of
our Common Shares. Also, the existence of the Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants as a result of hedging
or arbitrage trading activity that we expect certain investors in the Convertible Notes engage in, or anticipated conversion of the Convertible
Notes into our Common Shares could depress the price of our Common Shares.

The
capped call transactions may affect the value of the Convertible Notes and the market price of our Common Shares.

In
connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial
institutions (collectively, the “option counterparties”). The capped call transactions are generally expected to reduce the
potential economic dilution upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess
of the principal amount of converted Convertible Notes, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap.

In
connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, the option counterparties entered into various derivative
transactions with respect to our Common Shares and/or purchased shares of our Common Shares concurrently with, or shortly after, the
pricing of the Convertible Notes. They may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect
to our Common Shares and/or purchasing or selling shares of our Common Shares or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions
prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes, and they are likely to do so during any “observation period” related to a
conversion of Convertible Notes or, to the extent we exercise the relevant election under the capped call transactions, following any
repurchase or redemption of the Convertible Notes, as described in the Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2025, by and among us, Computershare
Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, as Canadian co-trustee. This activity could also cause or
avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our Common Shares or the Convertible Notes.

32

We
are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions.

The
option counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the
capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Past global
economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions and could
adversely affect the option counterparties’ performance under the capped call transactions. If an option counterparty becomes subject
to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time
under the capped call transactions with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase
in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our Common Shares. In addition, upon a
default by an option counterparty, we may suffer more dilution, the effect of which would not be compensated for, than we currently anticipate
with respect to our Common Shares. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties.

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters

Regulatory developments surrounding HPC
and AI may negatively impact our efforts to expand into HPC Infrastructure.

The regulatory landscape surrounding HPC, AI and
Bitcoin Mining operations is evolving rapidly, and we anticipate increased scrutiny and potential regulation in the near and long term.
These developments may affect our business and operations in ways that are difficult to predict.

There are growing concerns about the ethical implications
and potential misuse of the growing AI technologies and the AI landscape is facing challenges and uncertainties. The development of more
advanced AI systems, such as large language models and generative AI, has raised concerns about potential misuse, bias, and the displacement
of human workers. Governments and regulatory bodies are considering measures to ensure responsible development and deployment of AI systems,
including guidelines for transparency, accountability, and fairness. In recent years, crypto Mining has received increased attention from
regulators with respect to technical and financial aspects of this industry. We expect that regulatory efforts in this area will continue
to evolve and potentially affect our business.

As a company operating at the intersection of
HPC, AI, and Bitcoin Mining, we are committed to maintaining a proactive and adaptive approach to regulatory compliance. We continue to
monitor legislative and regulatory developments closely and engage in dialogue with relevant stakeholders to ensure our business practices
align with the evolving legal and regulatory framework. However, there can be no assurance that our business will not be adversely impacted
by future developments.

We
are required to obtain, and to comply with, government permits and approvals.

We
are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits and licenses from federal, state and local governmental agencies. The process
of obtaining and renewing necessary permits and licenses can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of
conditions that make the project or activity for which the permit or license was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. In addition,
such permits or licenses may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. Failure to timely obtain or
comply with the conditions of permits or licenses, or failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, may result in the delay
or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our delivery of electricity to our customers and
may subject us to penalties and other sanctions. Although various regulators routinely renew existing permits and licenses, renewal of
our existing permits or licenses could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including, among others: (i) failure to provide adequate
financial assurance for closure, (ii) failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions,
(iii) local community, political or other opposition and (iv) executive, legislative or regulatory action.

Our
inability to procure and comply with the permits and licenses required for our operations, or the cost to us of such procurement or compliance,
could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations
of existing laws, may cause activities at our facilities to need to be changed to avoid violating applicable laws and regulations or
elicit claims that historical activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations. In addition to the possible imposition
of fines in the case of any such violations, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments and obtain additional operating
permits or licenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us.

Land
reclamation requirements may be burdensome and expensive.

We
operate in partnership with local environmental authorities to reclaim coal refuse piles. Reclamation may include requirements to control
dispersion of potentially deleterious effluents, treat ground and surface water to drinking water standards and reasonably re-establish
pre-disturbance landforms and vegetation. To carry out reclamation obligations, we must allocate financial resources that might otherwise
be spent on implementing our business plan. If the costs associated with our reclamation work are higher than anticipated, our financial
position could be adversely affected.

33

The
combustion of coal refuse at our Scrubgrass and Panther Creek power generating facilities is subject to environmental, safety and energy
transition risks that could result in significant liabilities and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our
operations and use of coal refuse as feedstock at our power generating facilities, including the combustion, storage, and transportation
of coal refuse, present a series of environmental and human health and safety risks. Such risks, including the accidental release of
coal refuse and other materials into the environment, among others, may not be fully avoidable and could cause us to incur significant
clean-up costs and liabilities. We may not be able to recover some or any of these costs from insurance. Our combustion of coal refuse
is also subject to stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations governing air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste
disposal and other environmental matters. Compliance with these requirements requires significant expenditures for the installation,
maintenance and operation of pollution control equipment, monitoring systems and other equipment or facilities. Any policy initiatives
or directives, either at the federal or state level, limiting our ability to use coal refuse as feedstock at our Scrubgrass and Panther
Creek power generating facilities could adversely impact our operations and potentially reduce the extent of our business, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

The
availability and cost of emission allowances due to the cost of coal refuse could adversely impact our costs of operations.

We
are required to maintain, through either allocations or purchases, sufficient emission allowances for sulfur dioxide, CO2 and NOx to
support our operations in the ordinary course of operating our power generation facilities. These allowances are used to meet the obligations
imposed on us by various applicable environmental laws. If our operational needs require more than our allocated allowances, we may be
forced to purchase such allowances on the open market, which could be costly. If we are unable to maintain sufficient emission allowances
to match our operational needs, we may have to curtail our operations so as not to exceed our available emission allowances or install
costly new emission controls. As we use the emission allowances that we have purchased on the open market, costs associated with such
purchases will be recognized as operating expense. If such allowances are available for purchase, but only at significantly higher prices,
the purchase of such allowances could materially increase our costs of operations in the affected markets.

Natural
or man-made events may cause power production to fall below expectations.

Our
electricity generation depends upon our ability to maintain the working order of our coal refuse power generation facility. A natural
or man-made disaster, severe weather such as snow and ice storms, or accident could impede our ability to access the coal refuse that
is necessary for our plant to operate, damage our transmission line preventing us from distributing power to the PJM grid and our Miners
or require us to shut down our plant or related equipment, services and facilities. To the extent we experience a prolonged interruption
at our plant or a transmission outage due to natural or man- made events, our electricity generation levels could materially decrease.
We may also incur significant repair and clean-up costs associated with these events. The effect of the failure of the plant to operate
as planned as described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We
may not be able to operate the power generation facility as planned, which may increase our expenses and decrease our revenues and have
an adverse effect on our financial performance.

Our
operation of the power generation facility, information technology systems and other assets and conduct of other activities subjects
us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, plant downtimes and related maintenance costs, accidents,
security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation
problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels. These events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses
efficiently and lead to increased or unexpected costs, expenses or losses. Planned and unplanned outages at our power generation facilities
may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, alternatively, pay penalties and damages
for failure to satisfy them. Having to purchase power at then-market rates could also have a negative impact on the cost structure of
certain of our compute power operations dedicated to Mining.

34

Although
we maintain customary insurance coverage for certain of these risks, no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient
to compensate us fully in the event losses occur and no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be maintained.

Risks
Related to Certain Regulations and Laws, Including Tax Laws

Political
uncertainty in the U.S. and internationally could adversely affect the broader cryptocurrency industry and our business, financial condition,
and results of operation.

In
the last several years, the United States and certain European countries have experienced political events that have cast uncertainty
on global financial and economic markets. Since the 2016 United States presidential election, for example, the United States has withdrawn
from the Trans-Pacific Partnership and Congress has passed sweeping tax reform, which, among other things, reduced United States corporate
tax rates. In the past, the United States administration has also taken action with respect to reduction of regulation. Trends such as
these may affect the relative competitiveness of and impose additional costs or liabilities on other jurisdictions, including Canada.
It is unclear exactly what other actions may be proposed or implemented by the new United States administration, and if implemented,
how such actions may impact the broader cryptocurrency industry. Any actions taken by the current United States administration may have
a negative impact on the Canadian economy and on the businesses, financial conditions and results of operations of companies operating
in the cryptocurrency industry, including us. While we believe that the current political climate in Canada and the United States is
generally favorable towards cryptocurrency Mining, it is impossible to predict how future changes in domestic and international policy
may impact us specifically and the industry as a whole.

Our
interactions with a blockchain may expose us to specially designated nationals (“SDN”) or blocked persons and new legislation
or regulation could adversely impact our business or the market for digital assets.

We
are required to comply with sanctions programs administered by the Office of Financial Assets Control (“OFAC”) of the U.S.
Department of Treasury and may be required to comply with similar sanctions programs maintained by other jurisdictions. We are generally
prohibited from conducting business with persons named on its SDN list or other sanctioned persons. However, because of the pseudonymous
nature of blockchain transactions, we cannot exclude the possibility that we could inadvertently engage in transactions with persons
on the SDN list or other sanctioned persons. Our policies prohibit any transactions with sanctioned persons, and we take commercially
reasonable steps to avoid such transactions, but we may not always be able to accurately determine the ultimate identity of the individual
with whom we transact in Bitcoin. Moreover, there is a risk that some bad actors will continue to attempt to use digital assets, including
Bitcoin, as a potential means of avoiding federally imposed sanctions.

We
are unable to predict the nature or extent of new and proposed legislation and regulation affecting the digital asset industry, or the
potential impact of the use of Bitcoin or other digital assets by sanctioned persons, which could have material adverse effects on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations and our industry more broadly. Further, we may be subject to investigation,
administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties as a result of any enforcement actions, all of
which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We
are unable to predict the nature or extent of new and proposed legislation and regulation affecting the digital asset industry, or the
potential impact of the use of Bitcoin or other digital assets by SDN or other blocked or sanctioned persons, which could have material
adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and our industry more broadly. Further, we may be subject
to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties as a result of any enforcement
actions, all of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

35

Violations
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery legislation could have a material adverse effect on our reputation,
business, and financial condition.

The
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (United States), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) and anti-bribery laws in other
jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business or other commercial advantages. We have policies in place that mandate compliance with applicable anti-bribery laws, which laws,
if violated, provide for the levy of substantial penalties against offending parties.

We
use our best efforts to prevent the occurrence of bribery and corruption and have policies and procedures in place to minimize such
risks, including enforcement of policies against giving or accepting money or gifts; namely our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and Whistleblower Policy. There can be no assurance, however, that our policies and
procedures will always protect us from reckless or other inappropriate acts contrary to our policies committed by our affiliates,
employees, agents or companies acquired by or merged with us. Any allegations of non-compliance with anti-bribery laws could subject
us to whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, enforcement actions, fines, damages, significant
administrative, civil and/or criminal sanctions, collateral consequences, remedial measures, and legal expenses, all of which could
materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our reputation.
Responding to any investigation or action could result in a materially significant diversion of management’s attention and
resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees.

Changes
in tax laws or unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and profitability.

We
are subject to income taxes in various jurisdictions in the United States and Canada and may become subject to taxation in additional
jurisdictions as we expand our business. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected in the future by several factors, including
changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretations and application,
changes in the geographic mix of our earnings, and the outcome of income tax audits in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate or
are otherwise subject to tax.

A
significant change in U.S. or Canadian tax laws and regulations may materially and adversely impact our income tax liability, provision
for income taxes, and effective tax rate. We regularly assess these matters to determine the adequacy of our income tax provision, which
is subject to significant judgment.

In the ordinary course of our business, there
are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable,
the outcome of income tax audits and related litigation could be materially different than what is reflected in our historical income
tax provisions and accruals. There can be no assurance that the resolution of any audits or litigation will not have an adverse effect
on business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Changes
in tax credits related to coal refuse power generation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and future development efforts.

The
profitability of our operations at Scrubgrass and Panther Creek depends, in part, on the continued availability of state renewable energy
tax credits offered by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, US through programs such as the one established under The Alternative Energy
Portfolio Standards Act of 2004 or the Coal Refuse Energy and Reclamation Tax Credit Program established by Act 84 of July 13, 2016.
These tax credit programs could be changed or eliminated as a result of state budget considerations or otherwise. Reduction or elimination
of such credits could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and future development efforts.

36

Our
business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability
under, or any future inability to comply with existing or future energy regulations or requirements.

Our
business is subject to extensive U.S. federal, state and local laws. Compliance with, or changes to, the requirements under these legal
and regulatory regimes may cause us to incur significant additional costs or adversely impact our ability to compete on favorable terms
with competitors. Failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of
liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability and/or costly litigation before the agencies and/or in state of federal court.

The
regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to load growth and to state and federal policies
affecting wholesale competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new generation and transmission to
meet that load growth and maintain grid reliability. Increasing new and projected load growth includes actual and announced additions
of large data centers in the region in which we operate—PJM—to meet growing AI usage needs. These changes are ongoing, and
we cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will
have on our business. In addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including
the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, as well as proposals to reinstate the vertically-integrated-monopoly model of utility
ownership or to require divestiture by generating companies to reduce their market share. If competitive restructuring of the electric
power markets is reversed, discontinued, delayed, or materially altered, our business prospects and financial results could be negatively
impacted.

We
are subject to extensive environmental regulation, and failure to comply with environmental laws or changes in such laws could result
in significant liabilities and have a material adverse effect on our business.

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation
by governmental authorities, including the U.S. and Canadian federal, state, and provincial environmental agencies and attorneys general.
Our operations may be subject to foreign, federal, state, provincial, and local laws and regulations related to air and water quality,
hazardous and solid waste disposal, and other environmental matters. We may incur significant additional costs beyond those currently
contemplated to comply with these regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with these regulatory requirements, we could be forced
to reduce or discontinue operations or become subject to administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities and fines. Existing environmental
regulations could be revised or reinterpreted, new laws and regulations could be adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities,
and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur, including potential regulatory and enforcement developments related
to air emissions, all of which could result in significant additional costs beyond those currently contemplated to comply with existing
requirements. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The
threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States and foreign countries and, as a result, our
operations are subject to regulatory, political, litigation and financial risks associated with the use of fossil fuels, including coal
refuse, and emission of GHGs. New or amended legislation, executive actions, regulations or other regulatory initiatives pertaining to
GHG emissions and climate change could result in the imposition of more stringent standards and could result in increased compliance
costs or costs of operations.

Failure
to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil
or criminal liability and/or costly litigation before the agencies and/or in state of federal court. Additionally, political, financial
and litigation risks may result in us restricting, delaying or canceling the extent of our business activities, incurring liability for
infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes, or impairing the ability to continue to operate in an economic manner. The regulatory
environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale competition
and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. Fuel conservation
measures, alternative fuel requirements and increasing consumer demand for alternative energy sources (such as Pennsylvania’s Tier
I Alternative Energy Sources, including solar photovoltaic energy, wind power, and low-impact hydropower) that do not generally have
the adverse environmental impact or regulatory scrutiny associated with the combustion of coal or other fossil fuels could also reduce
demand for coal refuse power generation facility activities. The occurrence of one or more of these developments could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

37

Furthermore,
cryptocurrency Mining has become subject to increased scrutiny regarding its energy consumption and impact on global emissions. In the
future, the EPA or other regulatory authorities may propose and finalize additional regulatory actions that may adversely affect our
facilities, including our Scrubgrass and Panther Creek power generation facilities, or our ability to cost-effectively develop any new
generation facilities.

Various
environmental activist groups and non-governmental organizations have also lobbied for emissions and energy use monitoring and reporting
requirements for cryptocurrency Mining companies or even more extensive regulation of the cryptocurrency Mining sector. These efforts
have the potential to lead to increased regulatory burdens on our Mining operations and cause us reputational harm by highlighting cryptocurrency
Mining’s impact, however proportionate or disproportionate compared to other economic sectors, on global emissions. We are unable
to predict whether currently proposed legislation or regulatory initiatives will be implemented, but any action by the jurisdictions
in which we operate to restrict, limit, condition, or otherwise regulate our power production or crypto asset Mining operations, as part
of a climate change or energy transition policy initiative or otherwise, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We
operate in a complex and rapidly evolving energy regulatory environment, and we are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations enacted
by U.S. federal, state, and local governments, governmental agencies, and regulatory authorities.

We
operate in a complex and rapidly evolving energy regulatory environment, and we are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations enacted
by U.S. federal, state, and local governments, governmental agencies, and regulatory authorities. From a federal energy regulatory perspective,
these include PURPA, the Federal Power Act (FPA), and the Public Utility Holding Company Act (PUHCA), in each case as administered by
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). We are also subject to compliance with requirements imposed by PJM
under its tariff, which may also be enforced by FERC. As a result, our business is subject to substantial energy regulation and may be adversely
affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future
energy regulations or requirements.

We
are subject to the jurisdiction of FERC because, through Scrubgrass and Panther Creek, we own and operate FERC-jurisdictional facilities
that make wholesale sales of energy in interstate commerce. However, because these facilities are QFs under PURPA, they are exempt from
a number of provisions of the FPA applicable to FERC’s traditional utility regulatory jurisdiction, as long as we satisfy the requirements
to maintain QF status. We expect to continue to satisfy these requirements.

The
energy regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to load growth and to state and federal
policies affecting wholesale competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new generation and transmission
to meet that load growth and maintain grid reliability. Increasing new and projected load growth includes actual and announced additions
of large data centers in the principal region in which we operate—PJM—to meet the growing HPC and AI compute needs. These
changes are ongoing, and we cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing
regulatory environment will have on our business. In addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market
design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, as well as proposals to reinstate the vertically-integrated-monopoly
model of utility ownership or to require divestiture by generating companies to reduce their market share. If competitive restructuring
of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, delayed, or materially altered, our business prospects and financial results
could be negatively impacted

38

Increasing
scrutiny of our ESG practices and the impacts of climate change could increase our operating costs, divert management attention from
our strategic goals, and adversely affect our business.

Companies
across many industries, including Bitcoin Mining and digital infrastructure, are facing scrutiny related to their environmental, social,
and governance (“ESG”) practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential
investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the environmental and
community impacts of their investments. Enhanced public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including global climate
change, may result in increased public scrutiny of our business. As a result, our management’s time and energy may be diverted
from executing on our strategic goals towards responding to such scrutiny and further advancing our ESG practices, which may not necessarily
enhance the value of our Common Shares or positively impact shareholder return.

In
addition, the impacts of climate change may affect the availability and cost of materials, natural resources and sources and supplies
of energy, which may increase the cost of our operations. Changes in U.S. federal policy, including actions by the current administration
signaling a shift away from supporting renewable energy, could result in fewer renewable energy projects being constructed and lead to
increases in electricity prices, which may adversely affect our energy costs and the availability of renewable power for our operations. Other
factors which may impact our profitability include, but are not limited to, fluctuating demand for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies,
insurance and other operating costs, and damage incurred as a result of extreme weather events. New environmental laws, regulations or
industry standards may be adopted with little or no notice to us and may impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements
on our operations. The cost of compliance with changes in government regulations has the potential to reduce the profitability of our
operations or cause delays in the development of new digital infrastructure projects.

If
we are classified as a passive foreign investment company, United States holders of our shares may suffer adverse tax consequences.

Generally, if prior to the U.S. Redomiciliation,
in any taxable year 75% or more of our gross income is passive income, or at least 50% of the average quarterly value of our assets are
held for the production of, or produce, passive income, we would be characterized as a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”)
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not believe we were a PFIC for 2025 and do not expect to be a PFIC for 2026. However, PFIC
status is determined annually, and whether we will be a PFIC for any future taxable year is uncertain. Moreover, the application of the
PFIC rules to cryptocurrency such as bitcoin and transactions related thereto is subject to uncertainty. Accordingly, there can be no
assurance that Bitfarms will not be classified as a PFIC for any taxable year. If we are characterized as a PFIC, United States holders
of our shares who hold our shares before the U.S. Redomiciliation may suffer adverse tax consequences, including the treatment of gains
realized on the sale of our shares as ordinary income, rather than as capital gain, the loss of the preferential income tax rate applicable
to dividends received on our shares by individuals who are United States holders, and the addition of interest charges to the tax on such
gains and certain distributions. A United States shareholder of a PFIC generally may mitigate these adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
by making a Qualified Electing Fund (“QEF”) election, or, to a lesser extent, a mark-to-market election. We do not intend
to provide the information necessary for United States shareholders to make a QEF election if we are classified as a PFIC for any year.

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Shares

The
profitability of our operations has been and will continue to be significantly affected by the high volatility of Bitcoin prices, which
could adversely affect our financial condition and the trading price of our Common Shares.

The
profitability of our operations has been and will continue to be significantly affected by changes in the spot price of Bitcoin. Bitcoin
prices in particular are highly volatile, fluctuating due to numerous factors beyond our control, including speculation and incomplete
information, rapidly changing investor sentiment, changes in technology, regulatory changes, fraudulent or malicious actors, media coverage
of Bitcoin, inflation, and political or economic events, as well as market acceptance and demand for Bitcoin. The market price of one
Bitcoin, in our principal market, ranged from approximately $87,000 to $126,000 during the year ended December 31, 2025. Although we
may partially hedge our investment in Bitcoin, such hedging practices may not adequately protect us from Bitcoin’s price volatility
and surrounding risks.

Currently,
we do not use a formula or specific methodology to determine whether or when we will sell Bitcoin that we hold, or the number of Bitcoin
we will sell. Rather, decisions to hold or sell Bitcoin are currently determined by management by analyzing forecasts and monitoring
the market in real time. Such decisions, however well-informed, may result in untimely sales and even losses, adversely affecting an
investment in us. Further, some of the business decisions (e.g., purchases of Miners and debt financing) we have made, and may in the
future make, were or will be tied to the price of Bitcoin at the time of each of those decisions. If Bitcoin spot prices decline and
remain at low market levels for a sustained period while Network Difficulty does not decrease proportionally, our results of operations
and financial condition, as well as the trading price of our Common Shares, could be materially adversely affected.

39

Bitcoin
and related Mining Equipment may be subject to momentum pricing, which is typically associated with growth stocks and other assets whose
valuation, as determined by the investing public, accounts for anticipated future appreciation in value. Further, the price of Mining
Equipment is often tied to the price of Bitcoin, influenced by factors such as Mining difficulty and the value of corresponding rewards.
Bitcoin market prices are determined primarily using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms.
Momentum pricing may have resulted, and may continue to result, in speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of Bitcoin,
inflating market prices and making those market prices more volatile. As a result, Bitcoin market prices may be more likely to fluctuate
due to changing investor confidence in future appreciation (or depreciation) in their market prices, which could adversely affect the
trading price of our Common Shares.

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. Specifically, the trading price of our Common Shares is, and, in the future, is likely
to continue to be, highly correlated to the trading price of Bitcoin. Bitcoin Mining companies’ stock have shown volatility relative
to Bitcoin. For example, the closing price of our Common Shares on Nasdaq as of December 31, 2025 was $2.35 and the closing price of
Bitcoin was approximately $87,509 and, as of December 31, 2024, the closing price of our Common Shares was $1.49 and the closing price
of Bitcoin was approximately $93,429.

Our
operating results and financial condition have been and may continue to be adversely affected by declines in Bitcoin market prices, resulting
in plans and obligations that we assess and likely will continue to reassess, particularly in light of potential general declines in
Bitcoin market prices, to determine the practicality, profitability and timeline of such plans and commitments.

The
market price of our Common Shares has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so, which could result in substantial losses for
shareholders.

The market price of our Common Shares fluctuates
significantly in response to several factors, most of which we cannot control and many of which have not necessarily been related to
our operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects. The market price of our Common Shares ranged from $0.68 to $6.47 on
Nasdaq and CAD$0.98 to CAD$9.10 on the TSX from January 1, 2025, to December 31, 2025. Other factors that may impact the trading price
of our Common Shares include, but are not limited to:

● volatility
in the price of Bitcoin;

● actual
or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations and/or future prospects;

● recommendations
by securities research analysts;

● changes
in the economic performance or market valuations of companies in the industry in which we
operate;

● addition
of or departure of our executive officers, directors, and/or other key personnel;

● additional
sales or perceived sales of our Common Shares;

● operating
and financial performance that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts,
and investors;

● regulatory changes affecting the industries in which we operate generally
and our business and operations;

● announcements
of developments and other material events by us or our competitors;

40

● fluctuations
to the costs of vital products and services used by us in our business;

● changes
in global financial markets, global economies, and/or general market conditions, such as
interest rates;

● significant
acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital
commitments by or involving us or our competitors;

● litigation
or regulatory action against us;

● news
reports, investor speculation, social media, chat rooms, and other methods of information
dissemination concerning trends, concerns, technological, or competitive developments, regulatory
matters, and other related issues in our industry or target markets;

● the
level of short interest in our share; and

● current
and future global economic, political, and social conditions.

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class-action litigation has
often been brought against that company. We may become the subject of such litigation in the future, which litigation may be expensive
to defend and may divert Management’s attention and resources from the operation of our business.

In addition, we must comply with the continued
listing requirements of Nasdaq, the TSX or any other securities exchange on which our securities are listed in the future to avoid our
securities being delisted. A delisting from Nasdaq and/or the TSX would result in our Common Shares being eligible for quotation on the
over-the-counter (“OTC”) market, which is generally considered to be a less efficient system than listing on a national exchange,
such as Nasdaq and the TSX, because of the OTC’s lower trading volumes, transaction delays and reduced security analyst and news
media coverage. These factors could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our Common Shares.

Future
sales, or the perception of future sales, by our shareholders in the public market could cause the market price for our Common Shares
to decline.

The
sale of shares of our Common Shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market
price of shares of our Common Shares. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for
us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that it deems appropriate.

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Shares for the foreseeable future.

Because
we do not currently intend to pay any dividends on our Common Shares for the foreseeable future, our shareholders will not be able to
receive a return on their shares unless they sell them.

We
currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development, expansion and growth of our business
and execute our strategic initiatives. As a result, we do not currently anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our Common
Shares in the near future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board and will
depend on, among other things, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements and availability, industry
trends, and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. Any such decision also will be subject to compliance with contractual restrictions
and covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness. We may also incur additional indebtedness, the terms of which may further
restrict or prevent us from paying dividends on our Common Shares. Unless we pay dividends, our shareholders will not be able to receive
a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that shareholders will be able to sell shares when desired. Our
inability or decision not to pay dividends could also adversely affect the market price of our Common Shares.

41

Risks
Related to the U.S. Redomiciliation

We
may fail to realize the perceived benefits of the U.S. Redomiciliation, including as a result of our shares of not being included in
a U.S. stock market index.

There
can be no assurance that all of the anticipated benefits of the U.S. Redomiciliation will be achieved. Achieving the anticipated benefits
of the U.S. Redomiciliation is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including factors that we do not and cannot control. In
addition, if the perceived benefits of the U.S. Redomiciliation do not meet expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price
of our Common Shares following completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation may decline.

We
pursued the U.S. Redomiciliation because we believe that the U.S. Redomiciliation will be beneficial to our business and operations,
our shareholders and other stakeholders over the long-term. We believe that the U.S. Redomiciliation will raise the profile and marketability
of our capital stock in the United States through, among other things, the ability to attract deeper pools of passive investment capital
in the United States, particularly if shares of our Common Shares are included in certain US stock market indices and other investment
vehicles that only include securities of US-incorporated companies. However, following the U.S. Redomiciliation, when the Common Shares
are removed from Canadian stock market indices and if shares of our Common Shares are not included in such U.S. stock market indices,
this could result in increased selling pressure and/or decreased demand for our Common Shares that would increase stock price volatility
or cause the market price of the shares of our Common Shares to fall. Initial inclusion and continued inclusion in a stock market index
or fund is not guaranteed and is subject to numerous factors which can be applied subjectively by the entity managing the index or fund.
If not listed on a designated stock exchange, there will also be an absence of certain tax benefits, such as the Company’s Common
Shares being qualified investments for trusts governed by registered plans under the Canadian Tax Act. There are no assurances that we
will be included in any US stock market indices or funds in a timely manner, or at all. Even if we are included in a US stock market
index or fund, the entities managing such indices or funds may change their inclusion criteria, resulting in the future exclusion from
such index or fund.

The
success of the U.S. Redomiciliation will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the U.S.
Redomiciliation and associated reorganization of our corporate structure, and we may not be able to realize such benefits on a timely
basis or at all.

The
U.S. Redomiciliation may result in sales of shares of our Common Shares by certain retail and institutional shareholders or investment
funds that are not permitted to hold shares of a U.S. company under their internal guidelines.

The
U.S. Redomiciliation may result in sales of shares of our Common Shares by certain retail and institutional shareholders or investment
funds (including Canadian-focused funds) that are not permitted to hold shares of a U.S. company under their internal guidelines or are
limited in the size of any such investments. Such sales could result in increased selling pressure and/or decreased demand for our Common
Shares, which could increase stock price volatility or cause the market price of the shares of our Common Shares to fall. As a result
of the foregoing, certain of these investors may be required under their internal guidelines to sell their shares at times when, or at
prices for which, they would otherwise not have sold. If an investor sells its shares at a time when the market price is lower than their
cost basis in the shares, the investor will suffer a loss that could be significant to such investor.

The
success of the U.S. Redomiciliation will depend, in part, on our ability of to realize the anticipated benefits associated with the U.S.
Redomiciliation and associated reorganization of our corporate structure, and we may not be able to realize such benefits on a timely
basis or at all.

42

We
will incur non-recurring costs related to the U.S. Redomiciliation.

We have incurred and expect to incur a number
of non-recurring costs associated with the U.S. Redomiciliation. There can be no assurance that the actual costs will not exceed those
estimated and the actual completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation may result in additional and unforeseen expenses. In addition, we have
incurred and will incur legal, accounting and other professional services fees and other costs related to the U.S. Redomiciliation. Most
of these costs will be payable whether or not the U.S. Redomiciliation is completed. While it is expected that benefits of the U.S. Redomiciliation
achieved by us will offset these transaction costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the short-term or at all, particularly
if the U.S. Redomiciliation is delayed or does not happen at all. In addition, we may incur increased compliance costs arising from complying
with both the U.S. and Canadian ongoing reporting and disclosure regimes. These combined factors could adversely affect our business,
operating profit and overall financial condition.

We have changed the financial reporting standards that we apply to our financial statements from IFRS Accounting Standards to U.S. GAAP and,
as a result, some of our financial data derived from U.S. GAAP financial statements may not be easily comparable to historical financial
results derived from historical IFRS financial statements.

Our financial statements included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and will no longer be prepared under IFRS Accounting Standards as
we previously did, and any changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to
complex accounting matters as a result of the application of U.S. GAAP instead of IFRS Accounting Standards could significantly affect
our reported financial results or financial condition.

Our historical filings of consolidated interim period and full year financial statements were previously prepared in accordance with
IFRS Accounting Standards and may not be comparable to financial statements prepared according to U.S. GAAP. Although generally similar
in principle, U.S. GAAP includes specific disclosure requirements that are not explicitly required under IFRS Accounting Standards. Therefore,
disclosures provided under IFRS Accounting Standards and U.S. GAAP may differ depending on the nature of the risks and uncertainties
associated with the underlying transaction.

In addition, U.S. GAAP and related accounting
pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and
judgments, including with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including (but not limited to) revenue
recognition, business combinations, impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangibles and goodwill, right-of-use assets, prepaid
expenses and other assets, income taxes, liabilities and litigation. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying
assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported financial performance or financial condition in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles.

In connection with this transition, we have
invested significant resources and time to convert historical financial statements prepared under IFRS Accounting Standards from
prior fiscal years into U.S. GAAP financial statements. There are significant differences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Accounting
Standards, including differences related to intangible assets, capitalized development costs, lease accounting, income tax,
treatment of warrants and other convertible securities. As a result, one may not be able to meaningfully compare our financial
statements under U.S. GAAP with our historical financial statements previously provided under IFRS Accounting Standards.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item
1C. Cybersecurity.

Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy

We
recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats, as such term is
defined in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K. Cybersecurity risks are managed across the Company and its subsidiaries and are integrated
into our overall enterprise risk management (“ERM”) framework.

We
have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability
of our information systems, data, and critical business processes. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our broader
ERM program and shares common methodologies, reporting channels, and governance processes applicable to other legal, compliance, operational,
and financial risks.

43

Our
cybersecurity risk management program is informed by applicable laws and regulations and draws guidance from industry standards and best
practices, including frameworks published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”). While we reference
these frameworks to inform our approach, this does not imply that we meet any particular technical standard, specification, or certification.

Key
elements of our cybersecurity risk management program include:

Risk
Identification and Assessment . Periodic risk assessments designed to identify and evaluate cybersecurity risks that could affect
our corporate information systems, cloud environments, data, third-party service providers, and business operations, including risks
informed by threat intelligence and industry-specific threat activity.

Policies
and Controls . Information security and cybersecurity policies that establish administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed
to protect systems and data, including access controls, monitoring, and incident response procedures.

Incident
Response . A cybersecurity incident response policy that outlines procedures for detecting, analyzing, and responding to cybersecurity
incidents, including escalation and internal reporting processes for incidents that may be significant or potentially material.

Third-Party
Risk Management . A vendor risk management process designed to identify and assess cybersecurity risks associated with third-party
service providers based on their criticality and risk profile, including contractual security requirements and ongoing monitoring, where
appropriate.

Training
and Awareness . Cybersecurity awareness training for employees and contractors with access to Company systems, intended to promote
awareness of cybersecurity risks and individual responsibilities.

Use
of External Experts . Engagement of external service providers, where appropriate, to assist with risk assessments, testing, monitoring,
and other aspects of our cybersecurity program.

Despite these efforts, cybersecurity threats continue
to evolve, and no security program can eliminate all risks. We have not identified any cybersecurity threats, including as a result of
any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business
strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For additional description of cybersecurity risks and potential related impacts
on the Company, refer to the risk factor captioned “Cybersecurity threats and hacking attacks could compromise our systems and data,
resulting in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.” in Part I, Item 1A “Risk
Factors.”

Cybersecurity
Governance

Our Board has oversight responsibility for the
management of risks facing the Company, including cybersecurity risks. The Board has delegated oversight of cybersecurity and information
technology risks to the audit committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”).

The
Audit Committee receives periodic reports from management regarding cybersecurity risks, the status of our cybersecurity program, and
significant developments. Management also provides updates to the Board or Audit Committee, as appropriate, regarding any cybersecurity
incidents that are considered significant or potentially material.

Management is responsible for the day-to-day operation
of our cybersecurity risk management program and for identifying, assessing, and managing material cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity
program is led by our Vice President, Global Corporate IT, who has responsibility for information security and cybersecurity risk management
across the organization and reports to executive management. Our Vice President, Global Corporate IT has over 13 years of experience in
IT, including 8 years in software development and more than 5 years in roles with direct responsibility for cybersecurity governance,
risk management, and compliance. He is supported by internal personnel and external cybersecurity service providers with experience in
cybersecurity governance, risk management, and incident response.

44

We
maintain a cross-functional incident response capability involving information technology, legal, finance, compliance, and communications
personnel, which is activated as necessary in the event of a cybersecurity incident. Management assesses the severity and potential impact
of cybersecurity incidents and escalates matters to executive management and the Board, as appropriate, including for materiality and
disclosure considerations. We consult with external advisors, including legal counsel, as appropriate.

Item
2. Properties.

The following table summarizes our principal
owned and leased properties as of March 27, 2026. These sites are used to host our HPC data centers.

Location
Energized Capacity
Property Information

Canada

Farnham, Québec, Canada
10 MW
Leased

Saint-Hyacinthe, Québec, Canada
15 MW
Leased

Cowansville, Québec, Canada
17 MW
Leased

Baie-Comeau, Québec, Canada
22 MW
Leased

Magog, Québec, Canada
10 MW
Leased

Bunker, Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada
48 MW
Leased

Leger, Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada
30 MW
Leased

Garlock, Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada
18 MW
Leased

United States

Sharon, Pennsylvania, United States
30 MW
Leased/Owned (1)

Panther Creek, Pennsylvania, United States
60 MW
Owned

Scrubgrass, Pennsylvania, United States
63 MW
Owned

Moses Lake, Washington, United States
18 MW
Owned

(1) In October 2025, the
Company acquired the property it was leasing in Sharon, Pennsylvania, from the landlord for a total consideration of $38.7 million
consisting of $5.0 million in cash and $33.7 million worth of the Company’s shares as at the date of the close. This resulted
in the issuance of 8,500,000 shares of the Company to the seller. Following the termination of the long-term lease agreement for the
site, the Company anticipates average annual rent savings of $1.8 million for each of the remaining years

In addition, in January 2026, we entered into
a lease for an approximately 9,000 square feet space in New York at Equitable Life Building, 120 Broadway, Suite 1075, New York, NY,
10004 that we intend to use as our corporate headquarters post U.S. Redomiciliation. We maintain offices in New York City (New York,
U.S.), Toronto (Ontario, Canada), Brossard (Québec, Canada) and Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania, U.S.). We established our New York City
office in 2025 as part of our U.S. Redomiciliation efforts and institutional positioning, and this office will be our principal executive
office upon our U.S. Redomiciliation.

We
believe our existing facilities are sufficient for our current needs. In the future, we may reassess our existing facilities or add new
facilities as we further expand our operations. We believe suitable space will be available on commercially reasonable terms to meet
our future needs.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

For
a description of our material pending legal proceedings, refer to Note 27 - Commitments and Contingencies included in our notes to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.

We
are not presently a party to any other legal or regulatory proceedings that, in the opinion of our management based on information currently available, if determined
adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or
results of operations. However, we are subject to regulatory oversight by numerous federal, state, provincial, local, and other
regulators and we are, and we may become, subject to various legal proceedings, inquiries, investigations, and demand letters that
arise in the course of our business, any of which may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties,
injunctions or other relief. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes that are not predictable.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

None.

45

PART
II.

Item
5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a) Market Information

The
Common Shares are listed on the Nasdaq and the TSX (in each case under the symbol “BITF”). Upon completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation,
the Keel Common Stock is expected to begin trading on Nasdaq and the TSX under the ticker “KEEL” two business days following
completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation, subject to fulfilling all of the listing requirements of Nasdaq and the TSX, respectively.

(b) Holders

As of March 27, 2026, based on information provided
to us by our transfer agent, there were 60 holders of record of Common Shares. This number is not representative of the number of beneficial
holders of our Common Shares nor are they representative of where such beneficial holders reside, since many of such shares are held of
record by brokers or other nominees. We do not have knowledge of the identities of the beneficial owners of Common Shares registered through
intermediaries.

(c) Dividends

We
have not declared or paid any dividends to our shareholders. We intend to retain earnings for general corporate purposes to promote future
growth; as such, our Board does not anticipate paying any dividends at this time. Our Board will review this policy from time-to-time,
having regard to our financial condition, financing requirements and other relevant factors.

(e) Performance Graph

The
following chart compares the cumulative total shareholder return (TSR) of $100 invested in our Common Shares (BITF) with the cumulative
TSR of the NASDAQ Composite Index, RUSSELL 3000 and the equally-weighted average return of our self-constructed Peer Group for the period
from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2025.

46

Our
self-constructed Peer Group Index consists of the members of our December 31, 2025 peer group with available publicly traded market data
as of and subsequent to, December 31, 2020, and consist of: Applied Digital Corporation (APLD), Bitdeer Technologies Group (BDTR), Cipher
Mining Inc (CIFR), CleanSpark Inc (CLSK), Core Scientific Inc (CORZ), DigitalOcean Holdings Inc (DOCN), Fastly Inc (FSLY), Galaxy Digital
(GLXY), Hive Digital Technologies Ltd (HIVE), Hut 8 Corp (HUT), Iren Limited (IREN), Marathon Digital Holdings Inc (MARA), Riot Platforms
Inc (RIOT), TeraWulf Inc (WULF) and WhiteFiber Inc (WYFI).

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Sales

Convertible
Senior Notes

In
October 2025, we issued $588.0 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes (the “Convertible Notes”),
which included the full exercise of the purchasers’ option to purchase up to an additional $88.0 million aggregate amount of Convertible
Notes. The Convertible Notes were issued in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities
Act and outside of the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Convertible Notes are unsecured, bear interest
at 1.375% per annum payable semi-annually and mature on January 15, 2031.

Prior
to October 15, 2030, the Convertible Notes may be converted only upon the occurrence of certain events. Thereafter, holders may convert
their notes at any time until maturity. Upon conversion, we may settle the obligation in cash, Common Shares, or a combination of both,
at its discretion. The initial conversion rate is 145.6876 Common Shares per $1,000 principal amount (equivalent to a conversion price
of approximately $6.86 per share), representing a 30% premium over the $5.28 reference price (the last reported sale price per Common
Share of Bitfarms on Nasdaq on October 16, 2025), subject to adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events.

The
Convertible Notes are not redeemable prior to October 20, 2028, except in the event of certain changes in Canadian tax law. After that
date, we may redeem the Convertible Notes, in whole or in part, for cash if the market price of its Common Shares exceeds 130% of the
conversion price for a specified period. In the event of a fundamental change, holders may require us to repurchase their notes for cash.

47

Net
proceeds from the offering were approximately $568.9 million.

Macquarie
Warrants

In
April 2025, we entered into an agreement for a credit facility up to $300.0 million from Macquarie for HPC development at the Panther
Creek campus and drew down the initial tranche of $50.0 million. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Item 7 of this Annual Report. In connection with that new facility,
we issued 5,330,946 warrants to Macquarie in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The warrants are convertible
for a fixed number of Common Shares at an exercise price of $1.17.

In October 2025, we amended the facility to, among
other things, limit the borrowers and guarantors under the credit facility’s loan agreement to certain subsidiaries holding Panther
Creek project-specific assets and drew an additional $50.0 million. In connection with the amendment, we issued 2,197,127 warrants to
Macquarie in a private placement under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The warrants are convertible for a fixed number of Common
Shares at an exercise price of $5.69.

We repaid these amounts in February 2026 to avoid
negative carry and balance sheet complexity, given the amount of cash on our balance sheet to fund near-term development.

Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

2024
At-the-Market Offering

On March 8, 2024, we entered into an at-the-market
offering agreement (the “ATM Agreement”) with H.C. Wainwright & Co. (“HCW”) as agent, pursuant to which
we established an at-the-market equity program (the “ATM Program”). Pursuant to the ATM Program, the Company was able to,
at its discretion and from time-to time during the term of the ATM Agreement, sell, through HCW, Common Shares for gross proceeds of
up to $375,000,000 in accordance with the ATM Agreement. Pursuant to the ATM Program, from March 8, 2024 to July 24, 2024, the Company
issued 109,323,321 Common Shares for gross proceeds of $248.1 million. On October 4, 2024, the Company filed an amended and restated
prospectus supplement, pursuant to which it re-commenced the ATM Program. From October 4, 2024 to the conclusion of the ATM Program in
October 2025, the Company issued 55,767,778 Common Shares for gross proceeds of $126.9 million. On October 7, 2025, the ATM Program was
completed, as we issued a total of 165,091,099 Common Shares in exchange for gross proceeds of $375.0 million, receiving net proceeds
of $363.2 million since the inception of the ATM Program. We used the proceeds from the ATM Program prudently to support the growth and
development of our major Mining capital expenditure program, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes.

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Item
6. [Reserved]

48

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

I. OVERVIEW

1. Introduction

The following Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (the “MD&A”) for Bitfarms Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries,
“we”, “our”, the “Company” or “Bitfarms”) should be read in conjunction with our audited
annual consolidated financial statements and its accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Financial Statements”)
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual business, financial condition, and results of operations could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly
under “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” See also “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Our historical
results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future.

Beginning with this Annual Report, we have transitioned
from preparing our Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”), to accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). All comparative figures in this MD&A have been adjusted to U.S. GAAP for
consistency.

Our Financial Statements and this MD&A are
reported in thousands of U.S. dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively, except where otherwise noted.

In this MD&A, the following terms shall have
the following definitions:

Term
Definition

Q4 2025
Three months ended December 31, 2025

Q4 2024
Three months ended December 31, 2024

FY 2025
Twelve months ended December 31, 2025

FY 2024
Twelve months ended December 31, 2024

FY 2023
Twelve months ended December 31, 2023

49

I. OVERVIEW (Continued)

2. Company Overview

Bitfarms is a North American digital and energy
infrastructure company that develops, owns and plans to operate data centers and energy infrastructure for high-performance computing
(“HPC”) and artificial intelligence (“AI”) workloads. In 2025, we began a significant transformation in our corporate
strategy, pivoting away from our historical focus on Bitcoin Mining operations in the Americas to concentrate on the United States HPC
data center market. This strategic realignment was driven by several key factors, including growing demand for AI compute capacity across
North America and the volatility and operational challenges associated with our Latin American jurisdictions. As a result of these strategic
decisions and challenges, we classified certain of our Latin American assets as “held for sale” and their operations as discontinued
operations. Despite our discontinued operations related to Latin America, we continue to maintain our legacy Bitcoin Mining operations
in the U.S. and Canada, to help fund operations and development efforts.

Bitfarms was founded in 2017 and is publicly traded on the Nasdaq and TSX under the ticker symbol “BITF.”
On or about April 1, 2026, we expect to complete our U.S. Redomiciliation process, pursuant to which shareholders of Bitfarms will exchange
their shares for shares of a newly formed public company incorporated in the State of Delaware, Keel Infrastructure Corp. (“Keel”).
On or about April 6, 2026, we expect to begin trading on the Nasdaq and TSX under the ticker symbol “KEEL”.

Our mission is to deliver the infrastructure and
energy required to support HPC and AI workloads. We have a portfolio of assets (our “Infrastructure Assets”) that include
owned and operated power generation facilities with collocated Bitcoin Mining data centers, established grid interconnections within the
wholesale electricity market administered by PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. (“PJM”) in Pennsylvania, and 100% renewable hydroelectric
capacity in Québec, Canada and Washington state. Our Infrastructure Assets represent a 2.2 GW power capacity pipeline, comprising
648 MW of secured capacity and 1,513 MW of planned capacity in development, located across our U.S. Sites and Québec Sites. Currently,
our Infrastructure Assets are deployed to support our Bitcoin Mining activities. We are developing our Infrastructure Assets to support
HPC data centers, and expect to continue such development in the coming years.

HPC Infrastructure is our primary growth area.
We are developing data centers designed to support HPC and AI workloads, with the intention of leasing capacity to hyperscalers, cloud
service providers, AI companies, and enterprises under long-term contracts. We expect these contracts to deliver higher cash flows per
megawatt and greater revenue predictability than Bitcoin Mining. As of December 31, 2025, this growth area had not yet generated revenue.

50

I. OVERVIEW (Continued)

2. Company Overview (Continued)

As its historical core business, Bitfarms owns
and operates data centers housing computers (referred to as “Miners”) designed for the purpose of validating transactions
on the Bitcoin Blockchain (referred to as “Mining”). Bitfarms generally operates its Miners 24 hours per day to produce computational
power used for hashing calculations (measured by hashrate) that Bitfarms sells to Mining Pool operators under a formula-driven rate commonly
known in the industry as Full Pay Per Share (“FPPS”). Under FPPS, Mining Pool operators compensate Mining companies for their
computational power used for hashing calculations, measured by hashrate, based on what the Mining Pool operator would expect to generate
in revenue for a given time period if there was no randomness involved. The fee paid by a Mining Pool operator to Bitfarms for its computational
power used for hashing calculations may be in cryptocurrency, U.S. dollar, or another currency. However, the fees are paid to Bitfarms
on a daily basis in Bitcoin. Bitfarms accumulates the cryptocurrency and transaction fees it receives or exchanges them for U.S. dollar
through reputable and established cryptocurrency trading platforms. As of December 31, 2025, Bitfarms operated 14.8 EH/s. Through
2024 and 2025, we upgraded our fleet to 85,442 new-generation ASIC miners (Bitmain T21, S21, S21 Pro, S21 Hydro, and S21+ models), reaching
peak capacity of 19.5 EH/s and 19 w/TH efficiency in the first quarter of 2025 prior to the shutdown of our Argentina operations. We do
not plan to invest incremental capital in expanding our hashrate and expect Mining to wind down progressively as sites are converted to
HPC and AI workloads.

To support and accelerate the development of our
HPC data center projects, we undertook several significant financing and operational initiatives.

As described in Note 3 to the Financial Statements,
we acquired Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. (“Stronghold”) on March 14, 2025 (the “Stronghold Transaction”).
Through the acquisition of Stronghold, we now own and operate two refuse power generation facilities with a combined capacity of 473 MW.
Both facilities qualify as an “Alternative Energy System” under Pennsylvania, U.S. law because Mining refuse is classified
as a Tier II Alternative Energy Source (large-scale hydropower is also classified in this tier). We sell our electricity into the PJM
Merchant Market under a professional services agreement with Customized Energy Solutions, Ltd. To support our co-located data centers,
our primary fuel source at these facilities is waste which is provided by various third parties. We earn waste tax credits by utilizing
refuse to generate electricity. We primarily consume the energy internally to support computational activities related to hashing calculations
and sell any excess of energy we produce to the local energy supplier (the “Grid”).

In October 2025, we advanced our HPC infrastructure
strategy by acquiring the Sharon property in Pennsylvania, United States, for $38.7 million and entered into a purchase commitment of
$128.7 million, payable in the next 12 months, for the development and expansion of HPC data center projects with Vertiv, a large publicly-traded
American multinational provider of critical infrastructure and services for data centers.

In October 2025, we raised $588.0 million through
the issuance of Convertible Notes. In April 2025 we drew the initial tranche of $50.0 million of the Macquarie loan, and in October 2025,
we borrowed $50.0 million through the conversion of our credit facility, with Macquarie Equipment Capital, Inc. (“Macquarie”).
In February 2026, we fully repaid the $100.0 million Macquarie credit facility.

51

I. OVERVIEW (Continued)

3. Factors Affecting our Performance

Ability to Secure Low-Cost Electricity

HPC data centers and Bitcoin Mining consume extensive
energy, including for both the Mining and cooling aspects of our operations. In particular, we believe the increasing difficulty of the
network, driven by more miners and higher global hashrate, and the periodic halving adjustments of Bitcoin reward rates, as well as the
global demand for HPC data centers for various use cases, and the need for reliability in such industry, will drive the increasing importance
of access to power and cost effectiveness in HPC data centers and Bitcoin Mining over the long-term.

Certain governments and regulators are increasingly
focused on the energy and environmental impact of data centers used for Bitcoin Mining and HPC data centers. This has led, and could lead,
to new governmental measures regulating, restricting or prohibiting the use of electricity for Bitcoin Mining and HPC data center operations,
or could result in increased power costs for these types of power consumers.

We currently maintain a portfolio of competitively
priced electrical power. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to negotiate additional power agreements on similar terms,
or at all. The price we pay for electricity depends on numerous factors including sources of generation, regulatory environment, electricity
market structure, commodity prices, transmission cost allocation, instantaneous supply/demand balances, counterparty consumption and procurement
method. These factors may be subject to change over time and result in increased power costs. In addition, developments in the United
States, including actions by the current U.S. administration, signal a policy shift away from supporting renewable energy which could
result in fewer such projects being constructed and lead to increases in electricity prices as demand increases. There have also been
legislative proposals and other legal developments targeting renewable energy and large electrical loads in certain states. Any reductions
or modifications to, or the elimination of laws, programs or incentives that provide electricity to Bitcoin Mining companies or HPC data
center operators or that support renewable energy, or the implementation of more arduous requirements for renewable energy projects, could
potentially limit the availability of, and increase the costs we incur for, electricity, including renewable energy, in the United States.

Competitive Environment

We expect increasing global adoption of HPC and
AI use cases as existing industries incorporate AI and other HPC-intensive processes and new industries emerge. We anticipate that the
use of AI will expand to a broader set of enterprises that will utilize AI to drive internal efficiencies and implement AI into their
products and services. As more non-AI-native organizations across a broader spectrum of industries run training and inference workloads
on their own proprietary models, and as new industries with additional HPC and AI workload demands emerge, we believe we will be well-positioned
to capture those workloads at our facilities. Our facilities are capable of handling these added workloads due to our utility relationships
and power procurement capabilities, our Behind-the meter power generation experience, and experience with grid-management and flexible
load operations, among other factors. Successful acquisitions of new customers will depend on our ability to provide sufficient, cost-competitive
high-uptime supply for HPC and AI compute demands, demand from end-users of AI-enabled products and services, demand from end-users for
HPC workloads, our overall pricing relative to competition, and the location and efficiency of our HPC infrastructure sites. If AI and
other HPC-intensive use cases are not broadly adopted by enterprises to the extent we expect, or if new use cases do not emerge, our
market opportunity may be smaller than we expect.

52

I. OVERVIEW (Continued)

3. Factors Affecting our Performance
(Continued)

Competitive Environment (Continued)

We compete with a variety of Bitcoin Mining companies
globally, including individual hobbyists, Mining Pools and public and private companies, as well as HPC data center operators including
large and well-funded companies. We believe that, even if the price of Bitcoin decreases, the Bitcoin Mining market will continue to draw
new Mining companies and increase the scale and sophistication of competition in the Bitcoin Mining industry, while the HPC Infrastructure
sector continues to draw companies with significant resources to dedicate to growing their HPC data center business as well as expertise
in the industry. Increasing competition generally results in an increase to the global hashrate, which in turn would generally lead to
a reduction in the percentage share of the fixed Bitcoin network rewards that Bitcoin Mining companies, including Bitfarms, would earn,
and may result in larger and more established HPC data center providers increasing their resource allocation and attention to the industry,
which could make our ability to compete, including to attract and maintain customers, more difficult.

Expansion into HPC infrastructure services
and other energy-intensive use cases

A key factor affecting our performance is
our ability to expand into AI infrastructure services and other energy-intensive applications. We are leveraging our existing
development and operational expertise to develop HPC data centers that support specialized workloads for enterprise and hyperscale
customers and other next-generation, energy-intensive use cases. Success in this area depends on various factors, including our
ability to secure and retain customers, manage capital efficiently, develop future sites, and compete effectively in emerging
technology markets. While this expansion may increase operating and capital costs and expose us to execution and market risks,
management believes our experience in power origination, development, and management in large-scale digital infrastructure
development position us to capture long-term growth opportunities in the evolving AI sector and other
next-generation, energy-intensive use cases.

Market Value of Bitcoin

We primarily derive our revenues from Bitcoin
Mining. We earn Bitcoin in exchange for computational power used for hashing calculations from Mining Pool operators. We currently liquidate
Bitcoin earned into fiat currencies such as U.S. dollar or Canadian dollar as needed. Because the compensation received from computational
power used for hashing calculations is paid in Bitcoin, our operating and financial results are tied to fluctuations in the value of Bitcoin.
In addition, positive or negative changes in the global hashrate impact Mining difficulty and therefore the quantity of Bitcoin earned
from our computational power used for hashing calculations, and as a result, materially affect our revenue and margins.

In a declining Bitcoin price environment, the
Bitcoin Mining protocol may provide a natural downside protection for low-cost Bitcoin Miners through an adjustment to the number of Bitcoin
Mined. For example, when the Bitcoin price falls, the ability for higher cost Mining companies to pay their operating costs may be impacted,
which in turn may lead over time to higher cost Mining companies switching off their operations (for example, if their marginal cost of
power makes it unprofitable to continue Mining, they may exit the network). As a result, in such circumstances the global hashrate may
fall, and remaining low-cost Mining companies may benefit from an increased percentage share of the fixed Bitcoin network rewards. Conversely,
in a rising Bitcoin price environment, additional Mining-related equipment may be deployed by Mining companies, leading to increased global
hashrate in the overall network.

53

I. OVERVIEW (Continued)

3. Factors Affecting our Performance
(Continued)

Market Value Bitcoin (Continued)

While the total supply of Bitcoin is capped
at 21 million, the price of Bitcoin fluctuates because of the dynamic nature of the market for Bitcoin. The market for Bitcoin is
rapidly changing and subject to global regulatory, tax, political, environmental, cybersecurity, and market factors beyond our
control. For a discussion of other factors that could lead to material adverse changes in the market value of Bitcoin, which could
in turn result in substantial damage to or even the failure of our Bitcoin business, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks
Related to Our Business and Operations.”

Furthermore, the rewards for each Bitcoin mined
are subject to “halving” adjustments at predetermined intervals. At the inception of Bitcoin, the reward for Mining each block
was set at 50 Bitcoin and this was cut in half to 25 Bitcoin on November 28, 2012 at block 210,000, cut in half to 12.5 Bitcoin on July
9, 2016 at block 420,000, cut in half to 6.25 Bitcoin on May 11, 2020 at block 630,000, and cut in half again to 3.125 Bitcoin on April
19, 2024 at block 840,000. The next two halving events for Bitcoin are expected to take place in 2028 at block 1,050,000 (when the reward
will reduce to 1.5625 Bitcoin), and in 2032 at block 1,260,000 (when the reward will reduce to 0.78125 Bitcoin). As the rewards for each
Bitcoin Mined reduce, the Bitcoin we earn relative to our hashrate capacity decreases. As a result, these adjustments have had, and are
expected to continue to have, material effects on our operating and financial results.

Efficiency of Mining Machines and HPC and
AI Hardware

As global Mining capacity increases, we would
need to correspondingly increase our total hashrate capacity in order to maintain our proportionate share relative to the overall global
hashrate to maintain the same amount of Bitcoin Mining revenue. Our Bitcoin Mining operations currently utilize the Bitmain S21 XP Miners,
S21 Pro Miners, S21 Miners and T21 Miners. To remain cost competitive compared to other Mining industry participants, in addition to targeting
cost effective sources of energy and operating efficient data center infrastructure, we would need to maintain an energy efficient Mining
fleet, which would require capital outlays to purchase new Miners, so that we could make periodic upgrades to our existing Mining fleet.

As we plan to operate our facilities to support
HPC and AI uses, our future performance and success will depend in part on our ability to access the latest generation of high-performance
networking and storage equipment required to operate our HPC data centers.

From time-to-time, disruption in global supply
chains may result in shortages of advanced Mining-related equipment and HPC and AI infrastructure components that meet our standards of
quality and efficiency.

54

II. RESULT OF OPERATIONS

1. Production and Mining Operations 1

Key Performance Indicators

In addition to our financial results and U.S.
GAAP financial measures, we use certain key performance indicators to evaluate our business, identify trends, and make strategic decisions.

The following table presents our key performance
indicators for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

Years ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023
2025 v. 2024
2024 v. 2023

% Change
% Change

Total Bitcoin earned through Bitcoin Mining
2,008
1,992
4,074
1 %
(51 )%

Bitcoin received through hosting revenue 1
46
—
—
100 %
— %

Cost per kWh
$ 0.049
$ 0.047
$ 0.049
4 %
(5 )%

Average Watts/Average TH efficiency*
18
25
36
(28 )%
(31 )%

Installed Watts/TH efficiency
19
21
35
(10 )%
(40 )%

* Average Watts represents the average energy consumption of deployed Miners

Total Bitcoin earned

Total Bitcoin earned represents the aggregate
number of Bitcoin received in exchange from its computational power used for hashing calculations during the period. This metric is a
key indicator of our operational performance and Mining productivity, as it reflects uptime, fleet efficiency, network difficulty, and
deployed hashrate.

During FY 2025, we earned 2,008 Bitcoin, compared
to 1,992 Bitcoin earned during FY 2024, representing an increase of 1% from the previous year as a result of an increase in hashrate from
our expansions and upgrades to our Miner fleet with higher efficiency Miners, partially offset by reduced Block Rewards following the
April 2024 halving event and a 47% higher average Network Difficulty.

During FY 2024, we earned 1,992 Bitcoin compared
to 4,074 Bitcoin earned during FY 2023, representing a decrease of 51% from the previous year as a result of reduced Block Rewards following
the April 2024 halving event and a 68% increase in average Network Difficulty, partially offset by an increase in hashrate from our expansions
and upgrades to our Miner fleet with higher efficiency Miners.

Cost per kWh

Cost per kWh represents the average electricity
price incurred to power our Mining operations. This metric allows users to assess our operational energy efficiency. Power cost is a key
driver of Mining profitability.

During FY 2025 the cost per kWh was $0.049 compared
to $0.047 in FY 2024. The 4% increase is mainly due to higher cost of energy for the Panther Creek and Scrubgrass data centers.

During FY 2024 the cost per kWh was $0.047 compared
to $0.049 in FY 2023. The 5% decrease is mainly due to lower cost in North American Bitcoin data centers.

1 Excluding discontinued operations
in Rio Cuarto, Argentina, which have been abandoned due to the halting of the energy supply since May 12, 2025 and economic uncertainty
in the region, and in Paso Pe, Paraguay, which met the criteria to be classified as held for sale as we make a strategic shift towards
HPC/AI Infrastructure in North America.

55

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

1. Production
and Mining Operations 1 (Continued)

Key Performance Indicators (Continued)

Average Watts/Average TH

Average watts/Average TH measures the energy efficiency
of our active Mining fleet by calculating the average power consumption in watts required to generate one TH per second of computational
capacity. Lower Watts/TH indicates greater fleet efficiency, which directly impacts operating costs and Mining margins.

We improved ending energy efficiency to 19 Watts/TH
on December 31, 2025, compared to 21 Watts/TH on December 31, 2024, with our Mining fleet upgrades. This improvement resulted
in a 18 average Watts/Average TH efficiency during FY 2025, compared to 25 average Watts/Average TH efficiency during FY 2024, representing
an improvement of 28%.

We maintained our ending energy efficiency at
21 Watts/TH as of December 31, 2024, which is consistent with the energy efficiency as of December 31, 2023. Our Mining fleet
upgrades resulted in a 25 average Watts/Average TH efficiency during FY 2024, compared to 36 average Watts/Average TH efficiency during
FY 2023, representing an improvement of 31%.

The following table presents our key performance
indicators as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

As of December 31,

2025
2024
2023
2025 v. 2024
2024 v. 2023

% Change
% Change

Current Energized Capacity (MW)
341
323
240
6 %
35 %

Secured Growth Capacity (MW)
430
70
10
514 %
600 %

Secured Gross Data Center Capacity (MW)*
648
393
250
65 %
57 %

Identified Additional Gross Data Center Capacity (MW)
1,513
—
—
100 %
— %

Total Pipeline (MW)
2,161
393
250
450 %
57 %

* The current
energized capacity at the Panther Creek and Scrubgrass site of 60 MW and 63 MW, respectively, are not under an energy service
agreement. The capacity is therefore excluded from Secured Gross Data Center Capacity.

Current Energized Capacity

Current Energized Capacity represents the gross
power capacity provided by utilities being used at our U.S. Sites and Québec Sites

Secured Growth Capacity

Secured Growth Capacity represents gross power
capacity that is not currently available on site but for which the Company has executed an electric supply agreement with a utility, whereby
the utility agrees to provide that power capacity at a specified future date.

1 Excluding discontinued operations
in Rio Cuarto, Argentina, which have been abandoned due to the halting of the energy supply since May 12, 2025 and economic uncertainty
in the region, and in Paso Pe, Paraguay, which met the criteria to be classified as held for sale as we make a strategic shift towards
HPC/AI Infrastructure in North America.

56

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

1. Production
and Mining Operations 1 (Continued)

Key Performance Indicators (Continued)

Secured Gross Data Center Capacity

Secured Gross Data Center Capacity represents
the total amount of gross power capacity that is subject to electric supply agreements with utilities, including both power capacity currently
available on site and power capacity that utilities have agreed to deliver at a future date.

Identified Additional Gross Data Center
Capacity

Gross power capacity that has not been contracted
under an electric supply agreement but is currently being evaluated at the U.S. Sites and Quebec Sites. This includes capacity that is
currently under utility load studies as well as potential on-site, behind-the-meter natural gas power generation at Scrubgrass.

Total Pipeline

Total Pipeline represents the sum of Secured Gross
Data Center Capacity and Identified Additional Gross Capacity. This measure encompasses both committed capacity and early-stage opportunities
under evaluation. Management monitors the total pipeline to understand the full spectrum of current and potential future growth and to
prioritize development efforts aligned with strategic objectives.

1 Excluding discontinued operations
in Rio Cuarto, Argentina, which have been abandoned due to the halting of the energy supply since May 12, 2025 and economic uncertainty
in the region, and in Paso Pe, Paraguay, which met the criteria to be classified as held for sale as we make a strategic shift towards
HPC/AI Infrastructure in North America.

57

II. RESULT OF OPERATIONS (Continued)

2. Financial Performance

Consolidated Financial & Operational Results

Year ended December 31,

(U.S.$ in thousands except where indicated)
2025
2024
2023
2025 v. 2024
2024 v. 2023

$ Change
% Change
$ Change
% Change

Revenues
229,276
133,274
120,400
96,002
72 %
12,874
11 %

Cost of revenues
(248,180 )
(149,186 )
(144,142 )
(98,994 )
66 %
(5,044 )
3 %

Gross loss
(18,904 )
(15,912 )
(23,742 )
(2,992 )
19 %
7,830
(33 )%

Gross margin (1)
(8 )%
(12 )%
(20 )%
—
—
—
—

Operating expenses

General and administrative expenses
(78,339 )
(61,925 )
(33,867 )
(16,414 )
27 %
(28,058 )
83 %

Change in fair value of digital assets
(50,522 )
26,015
7,558
(76,537 )
(294 )%
18,457
244 %

Realized gain on sale of digital assets
28,219
27,209
7,713
1,010
4 %
19,496
253 %

(Loss) gain on disposition of property, plant and equipment and deposits
(1,612 )
227
(2,055 )
(1,839 )
(810 )%
2,282
111 %

Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits
(28,442 )
(3,628 )
(5,604 )
(24,814 )
684 %
1,976
(35 )%

Operating loss
(149,600 )
(28,014 )
(49,997 )
(121,586 )
434 %
21,983
(44 )%

Operating margin (1)
(65 )%
(21 )%
(42 )%
—
—
—
—

Interest income
6,288
6,037
1,420
251
4 %
4,617
325 %

Interest expense
(8,623 )
(745 )
(2,865 )
(7,878 )
nm
2,120
(74 )%

(Loss) gain on derivative assets and liabilities
(50,415 )
17,819
48
(68,234 )
(383 )%
17,771
nm

Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt
—
—
12,835
—
— %
(12,835 )
(100 )%

Other expense
(6,063 )
(2,110 )
(1,528 )
(3,953 )
187 %
(582 )
38 %

Total other (expense) income
(58,813 )
21,001
9,910
(79,814 )
(380 )%
11,091
112 %

Loss before taxes from continuing operations
(208,413 )
(7,013 )
(40,087 )
(201,400 )
nm
33,074
(83 )%

Income tax (expense) recovery
(101 )
(346 )
154
245
(71 )%
(500 )
(325 )%

Loss from continuing operations
(208,514 )
(7,359 )
(39,933 )
(201,155 )
nm
32,574
(82 )%

Loss from discontinued operations (2)
(76,030 )
(21,006 )
(15,578 )
(55,024 )
262 %
(5,428 )
35 %

Net loss
(284,544 )
(28,365 )
(55,511 )
(256,179 )
903 %
27,146
(49 )%

nm: not meaningful

The financial performance discussed below for continuing operations
does not include our Argentina and Paraguay operations.

1 Gross
margin and Operating margin are supplemental financial ratios; refer to Section 4 - Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures and Ratios .

2 Excluding discontinued operations in Rio Cuarto, Argentina, which have
been abandoned due to the halting of the energy supply since May 12, 2025 and economic uncertainty in the region, and in Paso Pe, Paraguay,
which met the criteria to be classified as “held for sale” as we make a strategic shift towards HPC Infrastructure in North
America.

58

II. RESULT OF OPERATIONS (Continued)

2. Financial Performance (Continued)

A. Revenues from continuing operations

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

Revenues were $229.3 million in FY 2025 compared to $133.3 million
in FY 2024. The increase of $96.0 million, or 72% is mainly due to a $78.0 million increase in Bitcoin Mining revenue resulting from the
increase in average Bitcoin price and the increase in Bitfarms’ average hashrate. During FY 2025, we mined 2,008 Bitcoins with an
average Bitcoin price of $100,942, compared to 1,992 Bitcoins with an average Bitcoin price of $63,715 in FY 2024. In addition, following
the acquisition of Stronghold in the first quarter of 2025, our Energy Sales and Hosting Revenue increased by $14.0 million and $4.5 million,
respectively. These increases were partially offset by a higher Network Difficulty and lower Bitcoin Block Rewards following the Bitcoin
halving event that occurred on April 19, 2024.

We earned our revenues during FY 2025 from our
North American operations. The United States and Canada accounted for 51% and 49% of total revenues, respectively, compared to 12% and
88% in FY 2024, respectively.

In FY 2025, revenues from our continuing operations in the United States
increased by $99.9 million compared to FY 2024. The increase is mainly due to the average hashrate increase of the United States operations
of 5.1 EH/s and the increase in average Bitcoin price, partially offset by a higher Network Difficulty, as well as the decrease in Block
Rewards following the Bitcoin halving event that occurred on April 19, 2024. Our acquisition of Stronghold facilities as part of the Stronghold
Transaction contributed to 1.4 EH/s, or 23% of the hashrate increase. Revenues from our continuing operations in Canada decreased by $3.9
million, compared to FY 2024 due to the factors mentioned above, partially offset by the average hashrate increase of Canada operations
of 0.9 EH/s and the increase in average Bitcoin price.

FY 2024 v. FY 2023

Revenues were $133.3 million in FY 2024 compared
to $120.4 million in FY 2023. The increase of $12.9 million, or 11%, is primarily due to a $12.8 million increase in Bitcoin Mining revenue
resulting from the increase in average Bitfarms’ hashrate and the increase in average Bitcoin price. During FY 2024, we mined 1,992
Bitcoins with an average Bitcoin price of $63,715, compared to 4,074 Bitcoins with an average Bitcoin price of $28,311 in FY 2023. The
increase was partially offset by a higher Network Difficulty and the fewer Bitcoin earned resulting from lower Bitcoin block rewards following
the Bitcoin halving event that occurred on April 19, 2024.

We earned our revenues during FY 2024 from our
North American continuing operations. Canada and the United States accounted for 88% and 12% of total revenues, respectively, in line
with FY 2023.

In FY 2024, revenues from our operations in Canada
increased by $7.8 million compared to FY 2023. The increase is mainly due to the average hashrate increase of Canada operations of 1.3
EH/s and the increase in average Bitcoin price. Revenues from our United States operations increased by $5.0 million during FY 2024 compared
to FY 2023 due to the increase in average Bitcoin price. Both increases were partially offset by a higher Network Difficulty and the decrease
in block rewards following the Bitcoin halving event that occurred on April 19, 2024.

59

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

2. Financial Performance (Continued)

B. Cost of Revenues from continuing operations

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

Our cost of revenues was $248.2 million for FY
2025 compared to $149.2 million for FY 2024. The higher cost of revenues was largely due to a $50.2 million, or 623%, increase in infrastructure
expenses. Infrastructure expenses increased by $32.5 million in relation to the operating expenses at the Panther Creek and Scrubgrass
power plants following the acquisition of Stronghold in the first quarter of 2025. The Stronghold infrastructure expenses consisted of
$11.8 million of plant maintenance costs, $11.9 million of labor costs and other employee benefits, and $8.8 million of other operating
expenses. We had a $9.2 million increase in customs duty expenses during the year following a determination by the U.S. Customs and Border
Protection regarding Miners we imported in 2021.

Sales tax recoveries in FY 2025 were nil, compared
to $25.8 million received in FY 2024 for sales taxes we paid between February 5, 2022 and April 2024 after having received confirmation
from the provincial tax authorities that Canadian sales taxes were refundable.

Energy expenses in FY 2025 increased by $19.9
million, or 33% largely due to a $32.3 million increase in fuel expenses from our power plants following the acquisition of Stronghold
in the first quarter of 2025. In addition, electricity costs increased by $10.3 million as we added new and more efficient Miners resulting
in increased energy utilization to an average of 212 MW during FY 2025 compared to 146 MW for the same period in 2024. The increase was
partially offset by Rights to Renewable Energy Credits (“RECs”) and Waste Tax Credits (“WTCs”) of $17.1 million
and $5.7 million, respectively, compared to nil in FY 2024.

Our hosting expenses were $7.7 million in FY 2025,
compared to nil in FY 2024, largely due to a $4.4 million increase in electricity costs incurred in Q1 2025 as well as a non-recurring
increase of $3.3 million in hosting expenses as we had our Miners hosted at Stronghold’s Panther Creek and Scrubgrass facilities
in the first quarter of 2025, prior to the Stronghold acquisition.

The increases in cost of revenues were partially
offset by a $4.4 million decrease in non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses due to the accelerated depreciation recorded in FY
2024 related to the upgrade program which reduced the anticipated useful life of older Miners, offset by the additional depreciation related
to the business acquisition in FY 2025.

FY 2024 v. FY 2023

Our cost of revenues was $149.2 million for FY
2024 compared to $144.1 million for FY 2023. The increase in cost of revenues was largely due to a $37.5 million increase in non-cash
depreciation and amortization expenses mainly attributable to accelerated depreciation of the older Miners that were replaced through
the fleet upgrade as we progressively installed new Miners in 2024.

The increases were partially offset by a $25.8
million sales tax recovery due to the confirmation we received from the provincial tax authorities that Canadian sales taxes we paid from
February 5, 2022 onwards are refundable, and an $8.3 million decrease in energy expenses due to Canadian sales taxes on our energy and
infrastructure expenses no longer being expensed in FY 2024.

60

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

2. Financial Performance (Continued)

C. General & Administrative Expenses from continuing operations

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

For FY 2025, our G&A expenses were $78.3 million,
compared to $61.9 million in FY 2024. The increase in G&A expenses of $16.4 million, or 27%, was largely due to an $8.0 million increase
in salaries and wages due to (i) the increase in our overall headcount in FY 2025 compared to FY 2024 to support the expansion in the
United States as well as merit and market-based adjustments and cost of living salary increases and (ii) the salaries paid to Stronghold
employees following the acquisition in the first quarter of 2025.

Our insurance, duties and other costs increased
by $3.7 million due to higher property and liability insurance expenses as a result of expanded infrastructure and a larger number of
Miners deployed as well as increases in property taxes, other taxes, permits and software licenses to support the global expansion. The
$2.1 million sales tax recovery received in FY 2024 compared to nil in FY 2025 was due to the same reasons as explained above.

The increases were partially offset by a $2.3
million decrease in professional services largely due to legal and accounting fees incurred in FY 2024 associated with nonrecurring activities
including (i) the Stronghold Transaction, (ii) the Strategic Alternatives Review Process as defined in our 2024 Annual MD&A, (iii)
the response to the shareholder dispute involving Riot Platforms Inc., including with respect to our implementation and defense of the
shareholder rights plan adopted on June 20, 2024 and having entered into the Settlement Agreement, and (iv) the settlement of the employment
claim against us brought by our former CEO, compared to nil in FY 2025.

FY 2024 v. FY 2023

For FY 2024, our G&A expenses were $61.9 million,
compared to $33.9 million for the same period in 2023. The increase of $28.1 million, or 83%, in G&A expenses was largely due to a
$16.6 million increase in professional services related to legal and accounting fees associated with non-recurring activities in FY 2024
is due to the same reasons as explained in the section FY 2025 v. FY 2024 above.

Our salaries and wages increased by $8.9 million
due to (i) the increase in our overall headcount in FY 2024 compared to FY 2023 to support the global expansion as well as merit and market-based
adjustments and cost of living salary increases and (ii) the termination payment under the former CEO’s employment agreement totaling
$1.6 million which was paid in the second quarter of 2024 after the former CEO’s departure and a final settlement payment of $2.5 million
paid in the third quarter of 2024, ending any outstanding litigation or claims.

Insurance, duties and other costs increased by
$2.6 million due to increases in property and liability insurance expenses as a result of expanded infrastructure and a larger number
of Miners deployed as well as increases in property taxes, other taxes, permits and software licenses to support the global expansion.

The increases were partially offset by a $2.1 million sales tax recovery
received in FY 2024 compared to nil in FY 2023 due to the same reason as explained in the section FY 2025 v. FY 2024 above.

61

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

2. Financial Performance (Continued)

D. Total other (expense) income from continuing operations

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

Interest expense was $8.6 million in FY 2025,
compared to $0.7 million for FY 2024 as a result of the interest expense on the Macquarie credit facility and the Convertible Notes issued
during FY 2025.

Losses on derivative assets and liabilities were $50.4 million in FY
2025 compared to a $17.8 million gain in FY 2024 due to unrealized losses of $63.9 million during FY 2025 on open positions of capped
call transactions entered into during FY 2025 in connection with the Convertible Notes, in addition to a realized loss on Bitcoin redemption
options of $2.4 million during FY 2025 as we settled or forfeited all remaining positions. For more details about capped call transactions, refer to Note 10 ( Derivative Assets and Liabilities )
and Note 22 ( Financial Instruments ) to the Financial Statements.

Our other expenses were $6.1 million for FY 2025,
compared to a $2.1 million expense for FY 2024. The $4.0 million unfavorable change was largely due to (i) an unfavorable change in other
financial expenses of $3.1 million mainly due to $2.7 million in non-recurring interest on customs duties in FY 2025; (ii) a $3.1
million unfavorable change in amortization of transaction costs and debt discount related to the Macquarie credit facility and the Convertible
Notes; and partially offset by (iii) $1.8 million favorable change from the gain on settlement of refundable deposits
during FY 2025 and the loss on initial recognition of these refundable deposits during FY 2024.

FY 2024 v.
FY 2023

Interest income was $6.0 million for FY 2024,
compared to $1.4 million for FY 2023. The increase was due to our higher average cash balance during FY 2024 compared to FY 2023.

Interest expense was $0.7 million for FY 2024,
compared to $2.9 million for FY 2023. The decrease in interest expense was due to (i) the extinguishment in February 2023 of the BlockFi
Lending LLC (“BlockFi”) Loan that commenced on February 18, 2022 as described below and (ii) the NYDIG ABL LLC (“NYDIG”)
Loan that commenced on June 15, 2022 and was fully repaid in February 2024.

Gains of $17.8 million on derivative assets and
liabilities were recognized in FY 2024 compared to nil in FY 2023 largely due to a $15.9 million gain on our capitalization on Bitcoin
price near all-time highs to close out Synthetic HODL positions, combined with the $2.1 million gain from the change in the fair value
of the Bitcoin redemption option.

A $12.8 million gain on extinguishment of long-term
debt and lease liabilities was recognized during FY 2023. In February 2023, we negotiated with BlockFi the settlement of the loan in its
entirety for cash consideration of $7.8 million, resulting in a gain on extinguishment of long-term debt of $12.6 million compared to
nil in FY 2024.

62

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

2. Financial Performance (Continued)

E. Discontinued Operations

In 2025, we began a significant transformation
in our corporate strategy, pivoting away from our Latin American Bitcoin Mining operations to concentrate on the U.S. HPC infrastructure
market. As a result of these strategic decisions, we classified certain of our Latin American assets as “held for sale” and
their operations as discontinued operations.

i. Argentina’s operations as discontinued operations

During the second quarter of 2025, our energy
supplier halted the supply of electricity to our Rio Cuarto, Argentina Bitcoin data center. Following this event, on August 11, 2025,
we determined that we would discontinue and abandon our operations in Rio Cuarto, Argentina. We negotiated to eliminate our asset retirement
obligation and reduced the reserved power to a minimum. As of September 30, 2025, our Argentina operations were abandoned and classified
as a discontinued operation.

During the year ended December 31, 2025,
discontinued operations in Argentina resulted in a net loss of $43.7 million, which is mainly explained by an impairment loss on long-lived
assets and deposits of $35.3 million.

ii. Paraguay’s operations as discontinued operations and assets
held for sale

During the first quarter of 2025, we finalized
the sale of our Yguazu Bitcoin data center in Paraguay. During the third quarter of 2025, we determined that the Paso Pe Bitcoin data
center met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, and all operations in Paraguay were classified as discontinued operations as
we make a strategic shift towards HPC infrastructure projects in North America. The sale of the Paso Pe Bitcoin data center operations
is anticipated to close within twelve months of the date the Bitcoin data center was classified as “held for sale”.

Refer to Note 11 - Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued
Operations to the Financial Statements for more information on the results of Argentina’s and Paraguay’s operations and Note
12 - Impairment to the Financial Statements for more details on the impairment loss of our Paraguay and Argentina asset groups.

During the year ended December 31, 2025,
discontinued operations in Paraguay resulted in a net loss of $32.3 million, which is largely explained by an impairment loss on long-lived
assets and deposits of $38.1 million.

63

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

2. Financial Performance (Continued)

F. Change in fair value of digital assets

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

In FY 2025, a $50.5 million loss on the change
in fair value of digital assets was recognized, compared to a gain of $26.0 million in FY 2024, primarily due to a decline in Bitcoin
prices and realization of gains on disposal of Bitcoin during the year.

FY 2024 v.
FY 2023

In FY 2024, a $26.0 million gain on the change
in fair value of digital assets was recorded, compared to $7.6 million for FY 2023, primarily due to an increase in Bitcoin prices during
the year.

G. Realized gain on sale of digital assets from continuing operations

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

In FY 2025, the realized gain on disposition of
digital assets amounted to $28.2 million, compared to $27.2 million for FY 2024 as a result of a higher Bitcoin average selling price,
partially offset by a lower quantity of Bitcoin sold.

FY 2024 v.
FY 2023

In FY 2024, the realized gain on sale of digital
assets amounted to $27.2 million, compared to $7.7 million for FY 2023 as a result of a higher Bitcoin average selling price, partially
offset by a lower quantity of Bitcoin sold.

H. (Loss) gain on disposition of property, plant and equipment and deposits from continuing operations

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

In FY 2025, the loss on disposition of property,
plant and equipment and deposits amounted to $1.6 million, compared to a gain of $0.2 million for FY 2024.

FY 2024 v.
FY 2023

In FY 2024, the gain on disposition of property,
plant and equipment and deposits amounted to $0.2 million, compared to a loss of $2.1 million for FY 2023.

I. Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

In FY 2025, the impairment of long-lived assets
and deposits was $28.4 million, compared to $3.6 million for FY 2024, primarily due to the impairment recognized on assets “held
for sale”.

FY 2024 v.
FY 2023

In FY 2024, the impairment of long-lived assets
and deposits was $3.6 million, compared to $5.6 million for FY 2023. The decrease is largely due to the termination of importation of
Miners agreements with external brokers during FY 2023 resulting in an impairment of short-term deposits made to external brokers in addition
to the FY 2023 impairment on Suni mineral assets.

64

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

3. Selected Quarterly Information from Continuing
Operations 1

Set forth below is unaudited supplemental
quarterly financial information that reflects material retrospective adjustments to our consolidated statements of operations as a
result of the transition to U.S. GAAP and is intended to assist investors in evaluating our results of operations on a consistent
basis across periods. This data should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and
audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the relevant period. These quarterly operating results are not
necessarily indicative of our operating results for a full year or any future periods.

(U.S. $ in thousands except earnings per share)
Q4 2025
Q3 2025
Q2 2025
Q1 2025
Q4 2024
Q3 2024
Q2 2024
Q1 2024

Revenues
52,748
67,969
60,908
47,651
37,752
27,072
31,425
37,025

(Loss) income from continuing operations, net
(171,210 )
(12,127 )
13,196
(38,373 )
41,561
(26,412 )
(21,541 )
(967 )

Basic (loss) earnings per share from continuing operations
(0.31 )
(0.02 )
0.02
(0.08 )
0.09
(0.06 )
(0.05 )
—

Diluted (loss) earnings per share from continuing operations
(0.31 )
(0.02 )
0.02
(0.08 )
0.09
(0.06 )
(0.05 )
—

Revenues decreased in Q4 2025 compared to the
third quarter of 2025, following a general upward trend throughout 2024 and the first three quarters of 2025. The quarter-over-quarter
decline reflects changes in operating and market conditions during the period.

Net loss from continuing operations increased
in Q4 2025 compared to the third quarter of 2025. The higher net loss was primarily driven by the decline in revenues and the impact of
operating expenses and other costs that did not decrease proportionately, contributing to greater variability in quarterly results. Quarterly
results have been and are expected to continue to be affected by market conditions, cost structure, and non-cash items.

Although the Bitcoin Mining industry experiences
volatility, Bitcoin prices are not generally subject to seasonality or seasonal effects. Seasonal fluctuations in energy supply, however,
may impact our operations. We had operations in Québec, Canada, where power was sourced from Hydro-Québec, Hydro-Magog,
Hydro-Sherbrooke and the City of Baie-Comeau. We also had operations in Washington state, United States, that were powered by the Grant
County Power Utility District, as well as operations in Pennsylvania, United States, that were powered by Stronghold and the PJM Interconnection
Merchant Market. Among other phenomena, changing weather in Québec (Canada), Washington state (United States) and Pennsylvania (United States)
may impact seasonal electricity needs and costs. Periods of extreme cold or extreme hot weather may contribute to service interruptions
in Bitcoin Mining operations. Changes to supply and/or demand of electricity may result in curtailment of electricity to our Bitcoin Mining
operations. Our geographical diversification may reduce the risk and extent of extreme weather and other external factors unduly affecting
our overall performance.

1 This data excludes the discontinued operations in Río Cuarto,
Argentina and in Paraguay. On May 12, 2025, our energy provider GMSA, halted the supply of electricity to the Company’s Rio Cuarto Bitcoin
data center with energized capacity of 58 MW. On August 11, 2025, three months after being informed that electricity supply was being
halted and with no path forward to resume operations in the future, the decision was made to shut down the plant, which was abandoned
by September 30, 2025. Additionally, as of September 30, 2025, the Paso Pe BTC data center met the criteria to be classified as “held
for sale”, and all operations in Paraguay were designated as discontinued operations as we make a strategic shift towards HPC/AI
infrastructure in North America.

65

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

4. Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures and Ratios

Non-GAAP financial measures from continuing
operations 1

In addition to our results determined in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, we utilize a number of non-GAAP financial measures and ratios in assessing operating performance, including “EBITDA”,
“EBITDA margin”, “Adjusted EBITDA” and “Adjusted EBITDA margin”. Non-GAAP measures and ratios may
exclude the impact of certain items and are used internally when analyzing operating performance. The definitions of the non-GAAP measures
referenced herein, and the reasons the Board and Management use such non-GAAP measures, are set forth below.

These measures are provided as additional information
to supplement U.S. GAAP measures by providing further understanding of our results of operations from Management’s perspective. Accordingly,
they should not be considered in isolation nor as a substitute for analysis of our financial information reported under U.S. GAAP. Furthermore,
because our calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from other companies, our presentation of these measures may not
be comparable to similarly-titled measures of other companies.

The definitions and the data in the non-GAAP section
exclude the discontinued operations in Rio Cuarto, Argentina and in Paraguay.

66

II.
RESULT OF OPERATIONS (Continued)

4. Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures
and Ratios (Continued)

A. Reconciliation of
Consolidated Net (loss) income from continuing operations to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA from Continuing Operations

EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) from continuing
operations adjusted to exclude: (i) interest expense; (ii) interest income; (iii) income tax expense; and (iv) depreciation and amortization.
EBITDA Margin is defined as the percentage obtained when dividing EBITDA by Revenues. EBITDA and EBITDA Margin are used to:

● Assess profitability before the impact of different financing methods, income taxes, depreciation of capital
assets and amortization of intangible assets;

● Provide the users of the MD&A with additional information to assist them in understanding components
of our financial results, including a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our performance; and

● Facilitate comparisons of cash operating performance excluding the impact of charges and credits associated
with financing our operations and growth from period to period and to assist Management in preparing annual operating budgets and forecasts.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted
to exclude: (i) stock-based compensation; (ii) realized gain and loss on disposition of digital assets; (iii) change in fair value of
digital assets; (iv) non-cash finance expenses; (v) asset impairment charges; (vi) gain on settlement of Refundable Hosting Deposits,
disposition of marketable securities, gains or losses on derivative assets and liabilities and discount expense on VAT receivable; (vii)
loss (gain) on derecognition and revaluation of warrants and warrant issuance costs; (viii) loss on currency exchange; (ix) sales tax
recovery; and (x) other non-recurring items that do not reflect our core performance. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is defined as the percentage
obtained when dividing Adjusted EBITDA by Revenues. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are used to:

● Assess profitability before the impact of all of the items in calculating EBITDA in addition to certain
other non-cash expenses;

● Provide the users of the MD&A a consistent comparable metric for profitability of our core operations
across time periods; and

● Facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and to assist Management in preparing
annual operating budgets and forecasts.

67

II. RESULT OF
OPERATIONS (Continued)

4. Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures
and Ratios (Continued)

A. Reconciliation of
Consolidated Net (loss) income from continuing operations to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA from Continuing Operations
(Continued)

Year ended December 31,

(U.S.$ in thousands except where indicated)
2025
2024
2023
2025 v. 2024
2024 v. 2023

$ Change
% Change
$ Change
% Change

Revenues
229,276
133,274
120,400
96,002
72 %
12,874
11 %

Loss before taxes from continuing operations
(208,413 )
(7,013 )
(40,087 )
(201,400 )
nm
33,074
(83 )%

Interest income
(6,288 )
(6,037 )
(1,420 )
(251 )
4 %
(4,617 )
325 %

Interest expense
8,623
745
2,865
7,878
nm
(2,120 )
(74 )%

Depreciation and amortization
98,130
102,469
65,043
(4,339 )
(4 )%
37,426
58 %

Sales tax recovery - depreciation and amortization
—
(8,760 )
—
8,760
100 %
(8,760 )
100 %

EBITDA
(107,948 )
81,404
26,401
(189,352 )
(233 )%
55,003
208 %

EBITDA margin
(47 )%
61 %
22 %

Stock-based compensation
14,768
12,079
10,606
2,689
22 %
1,473
14 %

Realized gain on disposition of digital assets
(28,219 )
(27,209 )
(7,713 )
(1,010 )
4 %
(19,496 )
253 %

Change in fair value of digital assets
50,522
(26,015 )
(7,558 )
76,537
nm
(18,457 )
244 %

Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits
28,442
3,628
5,604
24,814
684 %
(1,976 )
(35 )%

Loss (gain) on derivative assets and liabilities
50,415
(17,819 )
(48 )
68,234
nm
(17,771 )
nm

Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt
—
—
(12,835 )
—
— %
12,835
100 %

Gain on derecognition of warrants
—
(62 )
—
62
100 %
(62 )
100 %

Gain on settlement of Refundable Hosting Deposits
(945 )
—
—
(945 )
100 %
—
— %

Costs not associated with ongoing operations (1)
13,283
13,766
—
(483 )
(4 )%
13,766
100 %

Sales tax recovery - prior years - energy and infrastructure and G&A expenses (2)
—
(16,063 )
9,281
16,063
100 %
(25,344 )
(273 )%

Other expense (income) (3)
8,620
7,604
2,775
1,016
13 %
4,829
174 %

Adjusted EBITDA
28,938
31,313
26,513
(2,375 )
(8 )%
4,800
18 %

Adjusted EBITDA margin
13 %
23 %
22 %

nm: not meaningful

1
Costs not
associated with ongoing operations for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes $9.2 million of customs duties following a
determination by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection regarding Miners imported by us in 2021, $1.6 million of professional fees
related to the acquisition of Stronghold, $1.4 million of professional fees related to the U.S. re-domiciliation and $0.8 million
related to the U.S. GAAP conversion, $0.2 million of professional fees related to exit strategies for our South America operations,
and $0.1 million of professional fees related to the sale of Yguazu. Costs not associated with ongoing operations for the year ended
December 31, 2024 include $12.4 million of professional fees incurred in relation to the dispute with Riot Platforms Inc. and $1.3
million of professional fees related to the acquisition of Stronghold.

2
Sales tax recovery relating to energy and infrastructure and general and administrative expenses have been allocated to their respective periods; refer to Note 25- Additional Details to the Statement of Operations to the Financial Statements.

3
Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes $3.4 million of other financial expense included in Other expenses (income) of the Statement of Operations, $3.1 million related to the amortization of the credit facility transaction costs, the $1.6 million loss on disposal of PPE and the $0.4 million loss on exchange rates. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2024 includes  $4.1 million of termination payments, $1.5 million of Washington sales and property taxes, $0.9 million loss on initial recognition of refundable hosting deposit, $0.9 million loss on exchange rates, $0.3 million of other financial expense included in Other expenses (income) of the Statement of Operations and $0.2 million gain on disposal of PPE. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes the $2.1 million loss on disposal of PPE, $0.9 million of other financial expense included in Other expenses (income) of the Statement of Operations, $0.8 million Washington tax reversal and $0.6 million loss on exchange rates.

68

III. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

1. Overview

As discussed below, our current financing strategy
involves (a) strategically selling the Bitcoin we earn and the Bitcoin we hold in treasury and (b) utilizing short-term debt, long-term
debt and equity instruments (including the 2024 at-the-market equity offering program (“2024 ATM Program”) to fund our expansion
activities, operating expenses and debt service requirements. We may require additional funds to complete our 2026 growth plans as the
cash flows generated from Mining activities are expected to decrease as sites are transitioned to HPC/AI.

2. Cash Flows

The following discussion on cash flows include
the discontinued operations in Rio Cuarto, Argentina and in Paraguay. On May 12, 2025, our energy provider Generación Mediterránea
S.A (“GMSA”), halted the supply of electricity to our Rio Cuarto Bitcoin data center with energized capacity of 58 MW. On
August 11, 2025, three months after being informed that electricity supply was being halted and with no path forward to resume operations
in the future, the decision was made to shut down the plant, which was abandoned by September 30, 2025. Additionally, as of September
30, 2025, the Paso Pe Bitcoin data center met the criteria to be classified as “held for sale”, and all operations in Paraguay
were designated as discontinued operations as we make a strategic shift towards HPC infrastructure in North America.

Cash Flows used in Operating
Activities

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

Cash flows used in operating activities increased
by $84.9 million during FY 2025 compared to FY 2024. The Company’s operating cash flows are negative as the proceeds from the Bitcoin
sold from its Mining operations are classified within investing activities.

The increase in cash flow used in operating activities
is driven primarily by a higher cash G&A expenses from continuing operations, net of sales tax refund, of $13.7 million. We incurred
higher cash energy costs of $36.9 million from continuing operations, including the sales tax recovery of $17.0 million recognized during
FY 2024 for energy costs, and higher infrastructure expenses from continuing operations of $50.2 million. Our working capital increased
by $8.6 million as explained in Working Capital Section of this MD&A.

The increase was partially offset by net proceeds
of $13.3 million received from the disposition of RECs and WTCs in FY 2025, compared to nil in FY 2024.

69

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

2. Cash Flows (Continued)

Cash Flows used in Operating Activities
(Continued)

FY 2024 v. FY 2023

Cash flows used in operating activities increased
by $34.8 million during FY 2024 compared to FY 2023. The increase in cash flow used in operating activities is driven primarily by higher
cash G&A expenses, net of sales tax refund, of $26.6 million, and higher cash energy cost from discontinued operations of $24.7 million.
Our working capital decreased by $10.2 million as explained in the Working Capital section of this MD&A. In addition, there
was an increase in income taxes paid, with $1.5 million paid during FY 2024, compared to $11.6 million refunded during FY 2023.

The increase was partially offset by interest
income received of $5.6 million in FY 2024 compared to $1.8 million in FY 2023, mainly due to interest collected from the sales tax refund
and from the higher average cash balance during 2024. We incurred lower cash energy cost from continuing operations of $25.4 million,
net of sales tax refund. In addition, there was a decrease in interest expenses paid, with $1.7 million during FY 2024, compared to $13.9
million paid during FY 2023, mainly due to eliminating the remaining NYDIG loan balance in February 2024.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

FY 2025 v. FY 2024

Cash flows from investing activities increased by $282.1 million during
FY 2025 compared to FY 2024. The increase in cash flows from investing activities is driven primarily by the net addition of $65.7 million
of PPE during FY 2025, compared to $281.5 million for the same period in 2024, and lower equipment prepayments of $32.8 million in FY
2025, primarily due to the acquisition of Miners and infrastructure build-out. In addition, we received proceeds of $63.0 million from
the sale of the Yguazu Bitcoin data center. Proceeds earned from sale of digital assets increased by $19.0 million as a result of higher
Bitcoin prices when selling 1,765 Bitcoin in FY 2025 compared to lower Bitcoin prices when selling 2,419 Bitcoin in FY 2024. Lastly, we
paid refundable deposits of $15.6 million in FY 2024, compared to nil in FY 2025.

The increase was partially offset by net payments
for derivative assets and liabilities that amounted to $18.5 million in FY 2025, compared to $17.2 million of net proceeds in FY 2024,
and the acquisition of Stronghold which included $48.1 million of cash payment in FY 2025.

70

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

2. Cash Flows (Continued)

Cash Flows from Investing Activities (Continued)

FY 2024 v. FY 2023

Cash flows used in investing activities decreased
by $249.4 million during FY 2024 compared to FY 2023. The decrease in cash flows used in investing activities is driven primarily by $281.5
million of net additions of PPE during FY 2024, compared to $45.3 million for the same period in 2023. We paid $15.6 million in Refundable
Hosting Deposits in FY 2024, compared to nil during FY 2023. In addition, we received $2.3 million of net proceeds in FY 2024 from the
purchase and disposition of marketable securities to fund the Argentina expansion activities, compared to $12.2 million of net proceeds
for the same period in 2023.

The decrease was partially offset by $30.1 million
more in equipment prepayments in FY 2024 compared to FY 2023, primarily due to the acquisition of Miners and infrastructure build-out.
We had an increase in proceeds from sale of digital assets earned of $22.8 million as a result of selling Bitcoin in FY 2024 with significantly
higher prices compared to FY 2023. Net proceeds from the disposition of derivative assets and liabilities amounted to $17.2 million in
FY 2024 as we capitalized on near all-time highs on the Bitcoin price to close out all Synthetic HODL positions compared to nil in FY
2023.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Cash flows from financing activities increased by $398.7 million from
$295.6 million for FY 2024 to $694.3 million for FY 2025. Cash flows from financing activities increased by $206.6 million from $89.1
million for FY 2023 to $295.6 million for FY 2024.

FY 2025

We raised $588.0 million through the issuance
of convertible notes, $100.0 million through the Macquarie credit facility, partially offset by $22.1 million of transaction costs, and
$72.7 million of net proceeds from our 2024 ATM Program as discussed below. Through the exercise of stock options and warrants, we raised
$35.7 million of net proceeds.

The amounts raised were partially offset by $10.0
million related to the repurchase and cancellation of shares.

FY 2024

We raised $289.5 million of net proceeds from
our 2024 ATM Program as discussed below, and $8.9 million of net proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants.

The amounts raised were partially offset by scheduled
and one-time payments relating to the principal repayments of $4.0 million to fully repay the NYDIG loan, which matured and expired in
February 2024.

71

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

2. Cash Flows (Continued)

Cash Flows from Financing Activities (Continued)

FY 2023

We raised $68.5 million of net proceeds from an
at-the-market equity offering program, which was initiated on August 16, 2021 and expired on September 12, 2023 (“2021 ATM program”),
$43.8 million of net proceeds from the private placement completed in November 2023, and $13.0 million of net proceeds from the exercise
of stock options and warrants. The amounts raised were partially offset by repayments towards the long-term debt of $30.5 million.

The long-term debt repayments included the settlement
of the remaining $20.4 million principal balance of the BlockFi Loan on February 8, 2023 for cash consideration of $7.8 million, as discussed
below. We made principal repayments of $22.2 million towards the NYDIG Loan, and fully repaid the principal amount of the remaining equipment
financing (the “Foundry Loans”) before maturity and without prepayment penalty for $0.8 million.

Macquarie Loan

In April 2025, we signed a credit facility for
up to $300.0 million (the “Credit Facility”) with Macquarie. In October 2025, we converted the entirety of the Credit Facility into
a $300.0 million project debt facility for the development of the Panther Creek property and secured at the project level with a parent
company guarantee. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we drew the initial tranche of $50.0 million and the second tranche of $50.0
million for a total of $100.0 million drawn. In February 2026, the Credit Facility was fully repaid.

Convertible Notes

In October 2025, we issued $588.0 million aggregate
principal amount of convertible senior notes (the “Convertible Notes”), which included the full exercise of the purchasers’
option to purchase up to an additional $88.0 million aggregate amount of Convertible Notes. Transaction costs of $18.9 million relating
to agent fees and legal fees were capitalized and deducted from the carrying amount of the Convertible Notes. Net proceeds from the offering
of the Convertible Notes were $569.1 million.

At-The-Market Equity Offering Program

We commenced
the 2024 ATM Program on March 11, 2024, by means of a prospectus supplement dated March 8, 2024 (“March Supplement”),
to our short form base shelf prospectus dated November 10, 2023 (“Base Shelf”), and U.S. registration statement on Form
F-10, which included a prospectus supplement related to the 2024 ATM Program. We capitalized $0.9 million of professional fees
and registration expenses to initiate the 2024 ATM Program.

72

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

2. Cash Flows (Continued)

Cash Flows from Financing Activities (Continued)

At-The-Market Equity Offering Program (Continued)

We filed amended and restated prospectus supplements
dated October 4, 2024, and December 17, 2024, providing disclosure regarding the Stronghold Transaction and amending and restating the
March Supplement, to our existing $375.0 million Base Shelf, with both the Base Shelf and amended and restated prospectus supplement
forming a part of our registration statement on Form F-10.

On October 7, 2025, the 2024
ATM Program was completed, as we issued a total of 165,091,099 common shares in exchange for gross proceeds of $375.0 million,
receiving net proceeds of $363.2 million since the inception of the 2024 ATM Program .

During FY 2025, we issued 29,616,939 common shares
in the 2024 ATM Program in exchange for gross proceeds of $75.1 million at an average share price of approximately $2.54. We received
net proceeds of $72.7 million after paying commissions of $2.3 million to the sales agent.

During FY 2024, we issued 135,474,160 common shares
in the 2024 ATM program in exchange for gross proceeds of $299.9 million at an average share price of approximately $2.21. We received
net proceeds of $290.5 million after paying commissions of $9.0 million to the sales agent, in addition to $0.4 million of other transaction
fees. We capitalized $0.9 million of professional fees and registration expenses to initiate the 2024 ATM Program.

During FY 2023, we issued 52,120,899 common shares
in the 2021 ATM program in exchange for gross proceeds of $70.8 million at an average share price of approximately $1.36. We received
net proceeds of $68.5 million after paying commissions of $2.2 million to the sales agent, in addition to $0.1 million of other transaction
fees.

73

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

2. Cash Flows (Continued)

Cash Flows from Financing Activities (Continued)

Use of Proceeds

We used the proceeds from the 2024
ATM Program prudently to support the growth and development of our major Mining capital expenditure program, as described in Section 5 -
HPC data center and Bitcoin Mining Expansion Projects of this MD&A, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes.
We do not intend to make significant further capital investments in Mining in the near future as we focus on our HPC data center development.
Described below are the actual use of proceeds from the commencement of the 2024 ATM Program on
March 11, 2024 through December 31, 2025:

(U.S. $ in thousands except where indicated)

Categories
Use of proceeds

Miner fleet upgrade
222,261

Paso Pe (Paraguay) expansion 1
27,506

Baie-Comeau (Canada) expansion
9,200

Yguazu (Paraguay) expansion 2
31,506

Acquisition of Stronghold
48,084

United States expansion
25,772

Used proceeds
364,329

Commissions to sales agents and other transaction costs
10,671

Total proceeds raised
375,000

Maximum proceeds available
375,000

Remaining proceeds available
—

1
Cash flows include the discontinued operations in Rio Cuarto, Argentina and in Paraguay. On May 12, 2025, our energy provider GMSA, halted the supply of electricity to our Rio Cuarto Bitcoin data center with energized capacity of 58 MW. On August 11, 2025, three months after being informed that electricity supply was being halted and with no path forward to resume operations in the future, the decision was made to shut down the plant, which was abandoned by September 30, 2025. Additionally, as of September 30, 2025, the Paso Pe facility met the criteria to be classified as “held for sale”, and all operations in Paraguay were designated as discontinued operations as we made a strategic shift towards HPC/AI infrastructure in North America.

2
During the first quarter of 2025, the Company finalized the sale of its Yguazu Bitcoin data center in Paraguay.

BlockFi Loan

On February
18, 2022, our subsidiary, Backbone Mining Solutions Inc. (“Backbone Mining”), entered into a $32.0 million equipment
financing facility with BlockFi. On February 8, 2023, we negotiated with BlockFi a settlement
of the loan in its entirety for cash consideration of $7.8 million, discharging Backbone Mining of all further obligations and resulting
in a gain on extinguishment of long-term debt of $12.6 million. Upon settlement, all of Backbone Mining’s assets, including
6,100 Miners collateralizing the loan, became unencumbered.

74

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

2. Cash Flows (Continued)

Cash Flows from Financing Activities (Continued)

Private Placements

FY 2025 v. FY 2024 v. FY 2023

During FY 2025, 1,000,000 warrants and 111,111
broker warrants related to the 2023 private placement were exercised resulting in the issuance of 1,111,111 common shares for proceeds
of approximately $1.3 million. In addition, 111,111 broker warrants were exercised on a cashless basis in exchange for 65,672 common shares.
During FY 2024, 5,000,000 warrants and 111,111 broker warrants related to the 2023 private placement were exercised, resulting in the
issuance of 5,111,111 common shares for proceeds of approximately $6.0 million. During FY 2023, we received total net proceeds of $51.6
million from the 2023 private placement and 6,962,693 warrants and 2,306,667 broker warrants were exercised.

3. Capital Resources

Our capital management objective is to provide
financial resources that will enable us to maximize the return to our shareholders while optimizing our cost of capital and ensuring we
have sufficient liquidity to fund our operating and growth activities. In order to achieve this objective, we monitor our capital structure
and make adjustments as required in light of our funding requirements, changes in economic conditions, the cost of providing and the availability
of financing, and the risks to which we are exposed. Our financing strategy is to maintain a flexible capital structure that optimizes
the cost of capital at an acceptable level of risk, to preserve our ability to meet financial obligations as they come due, and to ensure
we have sufficient financial resources to fund our organic and acquisitive growth.

Based on our current plans and business conditions,
we believe that our existing cash and Bitcoin, together with cash generated from operations and our future investing and financing activities,
will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements for the next 12 months and beyond. Our expansion into HPC/AI infrastructure
development is expected to increase capital intensity and shift the timing of cash inflows relative to capital outlays.

In October 2025,
we drew an additional $50.0 million from the Macquarie Credit Facility, bringing the total drawn to $100.0 million and completed an offering
of $588.0 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes which included an option by the initial purchasers to purchase
$88.0 million aggregate amount of convertible senior notes. Net proceeds were approximately $569.1 million after transaction fees and
approximately $69.1 million was used to fund a 125% capped call transaction. In February 2026, the Credit Facility was fully repaid and
the cash balance of $57.5 million is no longer restricted.

75

III.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

3. Capital Resources (Continued)

On July
22, 2025, we announced that the TSX had approved a normal course issuer bid (“NCIB”), under which we may repurchase up to
49,943,031 of our common shares, representing approximately 10% of our public float as of July 14, 2025. Purchases under the NCIB commenced
on July 28, 2025, and will terminate no later than July 27, 2026. All common shares purchased on the TSX or Nasdaq under the NCIB will
be cancelled. We entered into an automatic repurchase arrangement with a designated broker to facilitate repurchases under the NCIB,
including during pre-determined blackout periods. The timing and number of shares repurchased will be determined by Management based
on market conditions. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased 7,807,141 common shares for cancellation through the
Corporate Share Buyback Program under the NCIB in exchange for $9.9 million at an average
share price of approximately $1.27 and paid $0.1 million of commissions to the purchasing
agent.

Developing and constructing data centers requires
substantial up-front capital expenditures for land, substations, interconnection and specialized cooling systems, which may temporarily
reduce liquidity. Although we expect to fund a portion of these expenditures through the strategic use of Bitcoin holdings and cash available,
we may also supplement these sources with external financing depending on market conditions and project timing.

We are likely to require additional capital to
respond to technological advancements, competitive dynamics or technologies, business opportunities, challenges, acquisitions or unforeseen
circumstances and, in either the short-term or long-term, may determine to engage in equity or debt financings. If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business
and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. In particular, the ongoing impacts of inflation and fluctuations
in interest rates, global conflicts and other macroeconomic factors, including the imposition and enforceability of tariffs or other changes
in trade policies and related uncertainties, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption and volatility in
the global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital. If we are unable to raise additional funds when or on the terms
desired, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

76

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

3. Capital Resources
(Continued)

Digital Asset Management Program

We operate a digital asset management program
under which we hold Bitcoin for its intrinsic value and as a source of liquidity. We maintain internal controls over the management of
our digital assets and evaluate and enhance these controls as appropriate, on a quarterly basis.

Under this program, Management is authorized to
sell daily Bitcoin production, and, if warranted by market conditions and projected financing requirements, to sell up to 1,000 Bitcoin
from treasury at its discretion.

The following
table presents the total Bitcoin sold and proceeds in FY 2025 , which was used to fund
operations and expansion plans :

Three months ended

(U.S. $ in thousands except where indicated)
March 31, 2025
June 30,
2025
September 30,
2025
December 31,
2025

Quantity of Bitcoin sold
428
1,052
185
100

Total proceeds
37,263
100,471
21,561
11,796

The sale of Bitcoin as described above, while
we continued to earn Bitcoin, resulted in total holdings of 2,060 BTC as of December 31, 2025, of which 64 BTC are restricted, valued
at approximately $180.3 million based on a Bitcoin price of approximately $87,500, as of December 31, 2025.

Bitcoin 2.1 program for digital assets management

During Q3 2025, we implemented a new program,
Bitcoin 2.1. Bitcoin 2.1 is a multi-strategy program that primarily sells both short and long dated out of the money calls on the Bitcoin
in treasury and future Bitcoin production in order to offset Bitcoin production costs and potentially achieve higher revenues per Bitcoin
sold. Bitcoin 2.1 is designed as a low-cost and low-risk funding mechanism for energy infrastructure investments and has no objective
around Bitcoin accumulation. The Board authorized the risk management committee to deploy up to (i) 100% of our Bitcoin in treasury, plus
(ii) three months of expected forward production calculated on a rolling basis, plus (iii) $10.0 million under Bitcoin 2.1 to be actively
managed and participate in volatility-targeting strategies.

During the year ended December 31, 2025,
we recognized a net gain of $18.0 million, which consisted of unrealized gains on open positions of $1.3 million and realized gains on
closed positions of $16.6 million.

During the year ended December 31, 2025,
total cash cost per Bitcoin would be reduced to $75,400 after considering the realized and unrealized gain on Bitcoin option contracts.

77

III.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

4. Contractual Obligations

Our contractual obligations are summarized in
Note 22 ( Financial instruments - b. Risk management policy - Liquidity risks ) to the Financial Statements.

5. Lawsuits

Our lawsuits are summarized in Note 27 ( Commitments
and Contingencies ) to the Financial Statements.

6. Commitments

Our commitments are summarized in Note 27 ( Commitments
and Contingencies ) to the Financial Statements.

7. Contingent liability

Our contingent liability is summarized in Note
27 ( Commitments and Contingencies ) to the Financial Statements.

78

III. LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES (Continued)

8. Working Capital

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

(U.S. $ in thousands except where indicated)
2025
2024
$ Change
% Change

Total Current Assets
826,465
213,735
612,730
287 %

Total Current Liabilities
148,112
28,155
119,957
426 %

Working Capital
678,353
185,580
492,773
266 %

We continue to place importance on maintaining
sufficient liquidity to fund our HPC/AI development activities. We also anticipate requiring additional funds to complete our 2026 growth
plans. As of December 31, 2025, we had working capital of $678.4 million, compared to $185.6 million as of December 31, 2024.

The increase in working capital was largely due
to our cash increasing by $513.9 million as explained in the “Liquidity and Capital Resources” section above. Our digital
assets increased by $60.2 million, mainly due to our Bitcoin balance increasing by 775, partially offset by a lower Bitcoin price as of
December 31, 2025.

We had a $19.2 million increase in assets “held
for sale” mainly due to the reclassification of the assets of the Paso Pe Bitcoin data center as “held for sale” for
$25.3 million. Inventories increased by $7.5 million mainly attributable to (i) the acquisition of Stronghold, (ii) the acquisition of
Mining repairs equipment, and (iii) the accelerated purchase of inventories. We had an $18.5 million increase in RECs and WTCs derived
from Stronghold’s refuse operations. In addition, accounts receivables increased by $4.2 million due to the Stronghold acquisition
and its plant-related energy sales.

The increase was partially offset by a $20.7 million
increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, largely due to (i) $11.8 million attributable to Stronghold, and (ii) the accrued liability
of $9.2 million related to custom duties. Our short-term prepaid deposits decreased by $8.2 million mainly relating to the usage up to
May 2025 of the prepayment of electricity to our energy supplier in Argentina during FY 2024, and the subsequent write-down of the remaining
portion of the prepayment. Lastly, there was a $2.8 million increase in derivative liabilities due to higher open position of Bitcoin
options and selling contracts as of December 31, 2025.

79

VI. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

We describe our most significant accounting policies
in detail in Note 2 (Significant Accounting Policies) to our consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Management regularly evaluates its estimates and their underlying assumptions using historical experience and other factors it believes
to be reasonable under the circumstances. The following select accounting policies and estimates are believed to be critical to understanding
this MD&A, but are not limited to:

Estimation of useful lives of property, plant,
and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost,
including directly attributable costs, less accumulated depreciation, accumulated impairment losses and any related investment grants,
and include the initial estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing the item and restoring the site on which the item is located
when a legal obligation exists at the time the asset is placed in service. We determine the estimated useful lives, residual values and
related depreciation expense based on historical experience, anticipated usage, technological changes and replacements schedules. Determining
useful lives requires judgment regarding the expected period over which the assets will provide economic benefits, and is subject to uncertainty,
particularly in industries where assets may become obsolete due to technological innovation or changes in business strategy. Management
periodically reviews these estimates and adjusts them when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the current estimated useful
lives may no longer be appropriate, which would affect the timing and amount of depreciation expense, resulting in changes that could
have a material impact on our financial results in future periods.

Impairment of long-lived assets

Our long-lived assets (including property, plant,
and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives) are assessed for impairment when events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment are present,
we prepare a projected undiscounted cash flow analysis for the respective asset or asset group, and if the sum of the undiscounted cash
flow is less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess of the carrying
amount over the fair value of the asset or asset group. Impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations
in the period in which the impairment is identified and are not reversed in subsequent periods.

Indicators of impairment may include significant
declines in market demand, adverse changes in business or economic conditions, technological obsolescence, or a decision to significantly
modify or dispose of an asset. These estimates require significant judgment and are sensitive to changes in assumptions regarding future
revenues, operating costs and market conditions. Actual future outcomes could result in different conclusions that could materially affect
the consolidated financial statements.

Measurement of financial instruments

We measure certain derivative financial instruments
and assets at fair value either on a recurring or non-recurring basis depending on their nature. Derivative financial instruments reflect
the estimated amounts that we would receive or pay, taking into consideration counterparty risk or our credit risk, and in the case of
embedded derivatives, are determined using a combination of the Monte Carlo simulation model to simulate future prices based on probability
factors and the Black-Scholes Model. Derivative financial instruments include, but are not limited, to Bitcoin option and selling contracts,
Bitcoin redemption options and capped calls. Changes in fair value are recognized in (Loss) gain on derivative assets and liabilities,
and may have a material impact on the amounts reported in our financial statements.

80

VII. RECENT AND SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Our recent and subsequent events are summarized in Note 28 to the
Financial Statements.

ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary
course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial
market prices and rates.

Market value and price risk of Bitcoin

We hold a significant amount of Bitcoin, and therefore
are exposed to the impact of market price changes in Bitcoin. The price of Bitcoin is volatile, and is impacted by factors such as global
economic conditions, regulatory developments affecting digital assets, technological changes in the blockchain ecosystem, market liquidity
and shifts in investor demand. Further, the rewards for each Bitcoin mined are subject to “halving” adjustments at predetermined
intervals.

As of December 31, 2025, we held 1,996 Bitcoin
with a fair market value of $174.7 million, reflecting a fair value of a single Bitcoin of approximately $87,500. A decline in the fair
market value of Bitcoin could reduce the value of our digital asset holdings and negatively affect our revenue and profitability and could
also reduce the amount of cash available to the Company upon disposition of these holdings, which may adversely affect our liquidity.
A 10% increase or decrease in the market value of Bitcoin over the course of the year ended December 31, 2025, would have increased or
decreased our revenue by $20.6 million for the year and would have had a material effect on our total revenue as at that date.

Impact of tariffs

Changes in government and economic policies, incentives,
trade regulations, or tariffs may have a material adverse impact on hardware and equipment that we import, our business, prospects, operations
and financial performance. In addition to those tariffs which have already come into effect, additional tariffs and trade restrictions
may be suggested in the future, which, if they were to be enacted, could further impact our business. While the final scope, timing, and
application of recently announced or proposed changes in U.S. trade policy remain uncertain, increases in tariffs on imported equipment,
as well as the potential imposition of retaliatory tariffs by foreign jurisdictions, could materially increase our equipment and infrastructure
costs or limit the availability of certain components, our ability to procure equipment on a timely basis or at cost-effective levels,
which in turn may impact project timelines, capital expenditures, and operating margins. We continuously monitor developments in trade
policy and may adjust our procurement strategies, sourcing arrangements, or deployment plans in response to such changes. Any such developments
could negatively affect our overall financial performance.

Interest rate risk

We have limited exposure to interest rate risk,
which is the risk that a financial instrument’s value will fluctuate as a result of changes in the market interest rates on variable
interest-bearing financial instruments. As of December 31, 2025, we do not use derivatives to mitigate interest rate exposures. We
only hold cash and maintain our cash balance with major financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

81

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

F- 1

BITFARMS LTD.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB identification # 271 ) F-3

Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-6
Consolidated Statements of Operations
for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 F-7
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’
Equity for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 F-8
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 F-9

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-10
1. Organization F-10
2. Significant Accounting Policies F-11
3. Business Combination F-26
4. Acquisition of Assets F-29
5. Rights to renewable energy credits and Waste tax credits F-30
6. Accounts Receivable, Net F-30
7. Other Assets F-30
8. Digital Assets F-31
9. Inventories F-31
10. Derivative Assets and Liabilities F-32
11. Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations F-34
12. Impairment from Continuing Operations F-39
13. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net F-40
14. Long-term Deposits, Equipment Prepayments and Other F-41
15. Refundable Deposits F-42
16. Accounts payable and Accrued expenses F-42
17. Long-term Debt F-43
18. Leases F-46
19. Income Taxes F-49
20. Share Capital F-52
21. Stock-based Compensation F-57
22. Financial Instruments F-62
23. Loss Per Share F-68
24. Segment and Geographical Information F-70
25. Additional Details to the Statements of Operations F-71
26. Additional Details to the Statements of Cash Flow F-74
27. Commitments and Contingencies F-75
28. Subsequent Events F-77

F- 2

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bitfarms Ltd.

Opinions
on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bitfarms Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2025
and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based
on criteria established in Internal Control ‒ Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control ‒ Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the COSO.

Basis
for Opinions

The
Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud,
and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

F- 3

Our
audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

As
described in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Stronghold Digital
Mining, Inc. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, because it was acquired by the
Company in a purchase business combination during 2025. We have also excluded Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. from our audit of internal
control over financial reporting. Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues
excluded from management’s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 12.2% and 27%, respectively,
of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A
company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical
Audit Matters

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates.

F- 4

Revenues
from sale of computational power used for hashing calculations

As
described in Notes 2, 11 and 25 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded $264.9 million of revenues from sale of
computational power used for hashing calculations to mining pool operators for the year ended December 31, 2025, of which $58.7 million
are included within discontinued operations. A significant portion of this revenue was sold to one mining pool operator (the Mining Pool
Operator). In exchange for providing computational power to mining pool operators, the Company receives non-cash consideration in the
form of Bitcoin based on a prescribed formula, and accounts for the Bitcoin to be received as variable consideration.

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenues from sale of computational power used
for hashing calculations is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment used by the auditor in determining the procedures to
be performed over the revenue balance and a high degree of auditor effort required to perform the procedures to test (i) the computational
power provided to the Mining Pool Operator; (ii) the associated contractual amounts the Company is entitled to receive in return for
providing the computational power; and (iii) the quantity of the Bitcoin received from the Mining Pool Operator.

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of certain controls relating to the revenues from the sale
of computational power used for hashing calculations. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the computational power
provided to the Mining Pool Operator by confirming directly with the Mining Pool Operator; (ii) testing the associated contractual amounts
the Company is entitled to receive by recalculating the amount based on the prescribed formula; (iii) agreeing all the Bitcoin received
directly to the blockchain and tracing all receipts during the year to the Company’s wallet addresses by using our proprietary
software; and (iv) testing the settlement and ending balances of Bitcoin or cash by agreeing to third-party custodian data and the Company’s
bank statements.

/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Chartered
Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants

Toronto,
Canada

March 31, 2026

We
have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.

F- 5

BITFARMS LTD.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(Expressed in thousands of
U.S. dollars - audited)

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024

Assets

Current

Cash
573,462
59,542

Accounts receivable, net
5,471
1,259

Digital assets
174,726
87,298

Digital assets - restricted
5,559
32,826

Other assets
2,825
4,282

Rights to renewable energy credits and waste tax credits
18,478
—

Assets held for sale
28,664
9,419

Short-term prepaid deposits
6,317
14,554

Inventories
8,676
1,137

Derivative assets
2,287
3,418

Total current assets
826,465
213,735

Non-current

Restricted cash
57,500
—

Property, plant and equipment, net
358,333
237,255

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net
11,103
21,299

Finance lease right-of-use assets, net
2,127
2,281

Long-term deposits and equipment prepayments
31,033
44,572

Refundable deposits
350
14,216

Intangible assets, net
2,983
4,636

Assets held for sale
—

125,138

Investment in equity securities
1,250
—

Long-term derivative assets
5,200
—

Total assets
1,296,344
663,132

Liabilities

Current

Accounts payable and accrued expenses
46,443
25,792

Current portion of long-term debt
97,022
146

Current portion of operating lease liabilities
1,490
1,959

Current portion of finance lease liabilities
235
130

Derivative liabilities
2,922
128

Total current liabilities
148,112
28,155

Non-current

Long-term debt
572,447
1,430

Operating lease liabilities
10,606
17,440

Finance lease liabilities
1,978
2,310

Deferred tax liability
65
65

Other non-current liabilities
2,761
2,586

Total liabilities
735,969
51,986

Commitments and contingencies (Note 27)

Stockholders’ equity

Common stock - no par value; Authorized – unlimited number of shares; Issued and outstanding – 601,579,999 and 479,332,885 shares

1,064,572
837,764

Additional paid-in capital
108,284
101,319

Accumulated deficit
( 612,481 )
( 327,937 )

Total stockholders’ equity
560,375
611,146

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
1,296,344
663,132

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

F- 6

BITFARMS LTD.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS

(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts - audited)

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Revenues
229,276
133,274
120,400

Cost of revenues
( 248,180 )
( 149,186 )
( 144,142 )

Gross loss
( 18,904 )
( 15,912 )
( 23,742 )

Operating expenses

General and administrative expenses
( 78,339 )
( 61,925 )
( 33,867 )

Change in fair value of digital assets
( 50,522 )
26,015
7,558

Realized gain on sale of digital assets
28,219
27,209
7,713

(Loss) gain on disposition of property, plant and equipment and deposits
( 1,612 )
227
( 2,055 )

Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits
( 28,442 )
( 3,628 )
( 5,604 )

Operating loss
( 149,600 )
( 28,014 )
( 49,997 )

Interest income
6,288
6,037
1,420

Interest expense
( 8,623 )
( 745 )
( 2,865 )

(Loss) gain on derivative assets and liabilities
( 50,415 )
17,819
48

Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt
—

—

12,835

Other expense
( 6,063 )
( 2,110 )
( 1,528 )

Total other (expense) income
( 58,813 )
21,001
9,910

Loss before taxes from continuing operations
( 208,413 )
( 7,013 )
( 40,087 )

Income tax (expense) recovery
( 101 )
( 346 )
154

Loss from continuing operations
( 208,514 )
( 7,359 )
( 39,933 )

Loss from discontinued operations
( 76,030 )
( 21,006 )
( 15,578 )

Net loss
( 284,544 )
( 28,365 )
( 55,511 )

Loss per common share

Basic and diluted loss per share from continuing operations
( 0.38 )
( 0.02 )
( 0.15 )

Basic and diluted loss per share from discontinued operations
( 0.14 )
( 0.05 )
( 0.06 )

Basic and diluted loss per share
( 0.52 )
( 0.07 )
( 0.21 )

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding

Basic and diluted
551,676,757
414,669,947
262,237,117

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

F- 7

BITFARMS LTD.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except number of shares - audited)

Number
of shares

Common stock
Additional paid-in capital
Accumulated deficit
Total stockholders’ equity

Balance as of January 1, 2023
224,200,170
412,233
78,370
( 244,061 )
246,542

Net loss
—
—

—

( 55,511 )
( 55,511 )

Stock-based compensation
—
—

10,915
—

10,915

Issuance of common shares
97,386,182
99,973
—

—

99,973

Issuance of equity warrants
—
—

10,457
—

10,457

Settlement of restricted share units
250,002
692
( 692 )
—

—

Exercise of stock options and warrants
12,316,976
18,503
( 5,521 )
—

12,982

Balance as of December 31, 2023
334,153,330
531,401
93,529
( 299,572 )
325,358

Net loss
—
—

—

( 28,365 )
( 28,365 )

Stock-based compensation
—
—

12,681
—

12,681

Issuance of common shares
137,006,905
292,534
—

—

292,534

Settlement of restricted share units
416,666
1,116
( 1,116 )
—

—

Exercise of stock options and warrants
7,755,984
12,713
( 3,775 )
—

8,938

Balance as of December 31, 2024
479,332,885
837,764
101,319
( 327,937 )
611,146

Net loss
—
—

—

( 284,544 )
( 284,544 )

Stock-based compensation
—
—

14,984
—

14,984

Issuance of replacement stock-based compensation
—
—

232
—

232

Issuance of common shares
97,983,548
172,794
—

—

172,794

Issuance of equity warrants
—
—

20,088
—

20,088

Settlement of restricted share units
2,744,083
4,430
( 4,430 )
—

—

Exercise of stock options and warrants
27,783,304
60,849
( 25,220 )
—

35,629

Settlement of share awards
1,543,320
1,558
( 1,558 )
—

—

Repurchase and cancellation of common shares
( 7,807,141 )
( 12,823 )
2,869
—

( 9,954 )

Balance as of December 31, 2025
601,579,999
1,064,572
108,284
( 612,481 )
560,375

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

F- 8

BITFARMS LTD.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars - audited)

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Cash flows from (used in) operating activities

Net loss
( 284,544 )
( 28,365 )
( 55,511 )

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization
122,630
135,424
84,323

Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits
101,843
3,628
12,586

Total other expense (income)
58,969
( 21,102 )
( 8,846 )

Digital assets earned and hosting revenue received in Bitcoin
( 262,931 )
( 186,527 )
( 141,306 )

Stock-based compensation
14,984
12,681
10,915

Income tax expense (recovery)
833
( 186 )
2,232

Renewable energy credits earned
( 22,763 )
—

—

(Gain) loss on disposition of assets and other
( 5,457 )
( 691 )
1,598

Digital assets exchanged for services
9,992
1,463
—

Realized gain on disposition of digital assets
( 28,219 )
( 27,209 )
( 7,713 )

Asset retirement obligation accretion expense
222
270
214

Change in fair value of digital assets
50,522
( 26,015 )
( 7,558 )

Interest income received
4,626
5,649
1,787

Interest expenses paid
( 1,259 )
( 1,738 )
( 13,923 )

Income taxes (paid) received
( 427 )
( 1,510 )
11,590

Proceeds from disposition of renewable energy and waste tax credits
13,274
—

—

Changes in non-cash working capital components
1,111
( 7,479 )
2,725

Net change in cash related to operating activities
( 226,594 )
( 141,707 )
( 106,887 )

Cash flows from (used in) investing activities

Proceeds from sale of digital assets
171,091
152,135
129,309

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
( 100,297 )
( 286,919 )
( 48,436 )

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and assets held for sale
34,565
5,460
3,111

Costs related to purchase and sale of assets held for sale
( 7,988 )
—

—

Purchase of marketable securities
( 33,975 )
( 22,375 )
( 36,262 )

Proceeds from disposition of marketable securities
33,962
24,688
48,507

Refundable Hosting Deposit
—

( 15,600 )
—

Purchase of derivative assets and liabilities
( 154,443 )
( 13,961 )
—

Settlement of derivative assets and liabilities
172,915
31,120
—

Equipment and construction prepayments
( 20,164 )
( 52,935 )
( 22,869 )

Proceeds from disposal of business
63,038
—

—

Acquisition of business
( 48,084 )
—

—

Investment in equity securities
( 1,250 )
—

—

Acquisition of assets
( 5,626 )
—

( 2,394 )

Net change in cash related to investing activities
103,744
( 178,387 )
70,966

Cash flows from (used in) financing activities

Repayment of long-term debt
( 785 )
( 4,141 )
( 30,545 )

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of transaction costs
666,469
1,695
—

Repayment of finance lease liabilities
( 820 )
( 1,079 )
( 2,458 )

Lease incentive received
—

714
—

Issuance of common shares and warrants
72,747
289,534
109,074

Exercise of stock options and warrants
35,711
8,883
12,983

Purchase of capped calls
( 69,090 )
—

—

Repurchase and cancellation of common shares
( 9,954 )
—

—

Net change in cash related to financing activities
694,278
295,606
89,054

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash
571,428
( 24,488 )
53,133

Cash, beginning of the year
59,542
84,038
30,887

Exchange rates differences on currency translation
( 8 )
( 8 )
18

Cash and restricted cash, end of the year
630,962
59,542
84,038

Cash flows from (used in) discontinued operations
13,147
2,131
( 1,114 )

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

F- 9

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 1: ORGANIZATION

Bitfarms Ltd.
(the “Company” or “Bitfarms”) is a North American digital and energy infrastructure company in transition to developing,
owning, and operating data center facilities and energy infrastructure for high-performance computing (“HPC”) and artificial
intelligence (“AI”) workloads. The Company currently maintains its legacy North American Bitcoin Mining operations to help
fund its development efforts. These activities are comprised mainly of selling its computational power used for hashing calculations for
the purpose of cryptocurrency mining in multiple jurisdictions that include Canada, the United States and Paraguay. Refer to Note 11 for
disclosures related to discontinued operations in Paraguay and Argentina. 9159-9290 Québec Inc. (“Volta”), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, assists the Company in building and maintaining its Canadian data centers and provides electrician services
to both commercial and residential customers in Québec, Canada.

Bitfarms owns
and operates data centers housing computers (referred to as “Miners”) designed for the purpose of validating transactions
on the Bitcoin Blockchain (referred to as “Mining”). Bitfarms generally operates its Miners 24 hours per day to produce computational
power used for hashing calculations (measured by hashrate) that Bitfarms sells to Mining Pool operators under a formula-driven rate commonly
known in the industry as Full Pay Per Share (“FPPS”). Under FPPS, Mining Pool operators compensate Mining companies for their
computational power used for hashing calculations, measured by hashrate, based on what the Mining Pool operator would expect to generate
in revenue for a given time period if there was no randomness involved. The fee paid by a Mining Pool operator to Bitfarms for its computational
power used for hashing calculations may be in cryptocurrency, U.S. dollar, or another currency. However, the fees are paid to Bitfarms
on a daily basis in Bitcoin (as defined below). Bitfarms accumulates the cryptocurrency and transaction fees it receives or exchanges
them for U.S. dollar through reputable and established cryptocurrency trading platforms.

Terms and definitions

In these financial statements,
the terms below have the following definitions:

Term Definition
1 Backbone Backbone Hosting Solutions Inc.
2 Backbone Argentina Backbone Hosting Solutions SAU
3 Backbone Mining Backbone Mining Solutions LLC
4 Backbone Paso Pe D&N Ingenieria SA
5 Backbone Paraguay Backbone Hosting Solutions Paraguay SA
6 Backbone Sharon Backbone Sharon LLC
7 Backbone Yguazu Zunz SA
8 Volta 9159-9290 Québec Inc.
9 BVVE Blockchain Verification and Validation Equipment (primarily Miners and Mining-related equipment)
10 MW Megawatt
11 ARS Argentine pesos
12 BTC Bitcoin
13 CAD Canadian dollars
14 USD United States dollars

F- 10

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of presentation and principles of
consolidation

These consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company also consolidates certain variable interest entities (“VIEs”)
for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements also include the Company’s discontinued
operations, consisting of the Company’s Paraguay and Argentina operations.

The consolidated financial statements are
presented in USD and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“U.S. GAAP”) including the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) regarding financial reporting.

Additionally, since there are no differences between
net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), all references to comprehensive income (loss) have been excluded from the consolidated
financial statements.

Nature of variable interest entities (VIEs)

Certain of the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries
are considered VIEs primarily because their equity investment at risk isn’t sufficient to permit the entities to finance their activities
without additional subordinated financial support. The Company has determined that it is the primary beneficiary of each of its consolidated
VIEs because it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIEs and the obligation
to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant. Accordingly, the assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses of these VIEs are included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The consolidated VIEs do not have assets that
are restricted to settling the obligations of the VIEs, and creditors of the VIEs do not have recourse solely to the assets of the VIEs.
As a result, separate presentation of VIE assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets is not required. The Company’s maximum
exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the consolidated VIEs is reflected in the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities
included in the consolidated financial statements. The Company did not provide financial or other support to its consolidated VIEs during
the periods presented that it was not previously contractually required to provide.

F- 11

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Use of estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated balance sheets and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting periods. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in
the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition; measurement of digital assets; determination
of the useful lives, residual values, depreciation method and recoverability of long-lived assets; impairment analysis of property, plant
and equipment; allocating the fair value of purchase consideration to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations
and measurement of financial instruments.

Foreign currencies

The Company’s
functional currency is the USD as all of its cryptocurrency Mining revenues, most of its capital expenditures and most of its financing
are measured or transacted in USD. In addition, the Company’s reporting currency is USD. Transactions in foreign currencies are
initially recorded at the exchange rate in effect on the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are subsequently
translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate in effect at each reporting date. Exchange rate differences, other than those
capitalized to qualifying assets or carried to equity in hedging transactions, are included in profit or loss. Non-monetary assets and
liabilities in foreign currencies stated at cost are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the transaction date. Non-monetary assets
and liabilities in foreign currencies carried at fair value are translated at the exchange rate at the date on which the fair value was
determined.

Business combinations

The Company first evaluates whether an acquired
set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. If the acquired set
does not meet the definition of a business, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. In an asset acquisition, the cost
of the acquisition, including transaction costs, is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
relative fair values at the acquisition date. No goodwill is recognized in an asset acquisition.

The Company accounts for business combinations
using the acquisition method when it has obtained control. The Company measures goodwill as the fair value of the consideration transferred
including the fair value of any non-controlling interest recognized, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed, all measured at their fair value as of the acquisition date. Transaction costs, other than those associated with
the issuance of debt or equity securities, that the Company incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

When the initial accounting for a business combination
has not been finalized by the end of the reporting period in which the transaction occurs, the Company reports provisional amounts. Provisional
amounts are adjusted during the measurement period, which does not exceed one year from the acquisition date. These measurement period
adjustments, or recognition of additional assets or liabilities, reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed
at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognized at that date. The cumulative impact of measurement period adjustments to the provisional amounts are recognized in the period
that the adjustment is determined.

F- 12

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue recognition

The Company recognizes revenue under ASC
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”). The core principle of the revenue standard is that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following five steps are
applied to achieve that core principle:

1) Identify the contract with the customer

2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract

3) Determine the transaction price

4) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and

5) Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation

In order to identify the performance obligations
in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in the contract and identify each promised good or
service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606’s definition of a “distinct” good or service (or bundle
of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met:

● The customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that
are readily available to the customer (i.e., the good or service is capable of being distinct), and

● The entity’s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable
from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract).

If a good or service is not distinct, the good
or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services is identified that is distinct.

The transaction price is the amount of consideration
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer. The consideration promised
in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both. When determining the transaction price, an entity
must consider the effects of all of the following:

● Variable consideration

● Constraining estimates of variable consideration

● The existence of a significant financing component

● Non-cash consideration

● Consideration payable to a customer

Variable consideration is included in the transaction
price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur
when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

The transaction price is allocated to each performance
obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The transaction price allocated to each performance obligation is recognized
when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time, as appropriate.

F- 13

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue recognition (Continued)

The Company has four revenue streams: i) sale of computational power
used for hashing calculations, ii) energy sales, iii) hosting agreements and iv) electrical services.

i. Revenues from the sale of computational power used for hashing calculations

The Company has entered into arrangements with
Mining pool operators, which are the Company’s customers in accordance with ASC 606, and has undertaken the single performance obligation
of providing a service to perform hash calculation services in exchange for non-cash consideration in the form of Bitcoin, which is variable
consideration. Providing hash calculation services to the Mining pool operators is an output of the Company’s ordinary business
activities.

Bitcoin are calculated based on a formula which,
in turn, is based on the hashrate contributed by the Company’s provided computing power used for hashing calculations allocated to the
Mining pool operators, assessed over a 24-hour period, and distributed daily based on the FPPS formula. The Company assesses the estimated
amount of the variable non-cash consideration to which it expects to be entitled for providing computational power used for hashing calculations
at contract inception and subsequently determines whether it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognized will not occur. The uncertainties regarding the daily variable consideration to which the Company is entitled for providing
its computational power used for hashing calculations are no longer constrained at 23:59:59 UTC regardless of the timing of the Bitcoin
received.

The amount earned is calculated based on the Company’s
computing power used for hashing calculations provided to the Mining pool operators and the estimated (a) block subsidies and (b) daily
average transaction fees which the Mining pool operators expect to earn, less (c) a Mining pool discount.

(a) Block subsidies refer to the block rewards
that are expected to be generated on the Bitcoin network as a whole. The fee earned by the Company is first calculated by dividing (1)
the total amount of hashrate the Company provides to the Mining pool operator, by (2) the total Bitcoin network’s implied hashrate
(as determined by the Bitcoin network difficulty), multiplied by (3) the total amount of block subsidies that are expected to be generated
on the Bitcoin network as a whole.

(b) Transaction fees refer to the total fees paid
by users of the network to execute transactions. The fee paid by the Mining pool operator to the Company is calculated by dividing (1)
the total amount of transaction fees that are actually generated on the Bitcoin network as a whole less the 3 largest and 3 smallest blocks,
divided by (2) the total amount of block subsidies that are actually generated on the Bitcoin network as a whole less the 3 largest and
3 smallest blocks, multiplied by (3) the Company’s fee earned as calculated in (a) above. The Company is entitled to its relative
share of consideration even if a block is not successfully added to the blockchain by the Mining pool.

(c) Mining pool discount refers to the discount
applied to the total amount earned based on the FPPS formula otherwise attributed to computing power service providers for their sale
of computing power used for hashing calculations as defined in the rate schedule of the agreement with the Mining pool operator.

F- 14

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue recognition (Continued)

i. Revenues from the sale of computational power used for hashing calculations (Continued)

The Company is entitled to the fee from the Mining
pool operators as calculated above regardless of the actual performance of the Mining pool operators. Therefore, even if the Mining pool
operators do not successfully add any block to the blockchain in a given contract period, the fee remains payable by the Mining pool operators
to the Company. Accordingly, the Company is not sharing in the earnings of the Mining pool operators. The Company’s enforceable
right to compensation begins when, and continues as long as, the Company provides its services to the Mining pool operators, and the Company
decides when to provide these services under the contracts.

The Company’s agreements with the Mining
pool operators provide the Mining pool operators and the Company with the enforceable right to terminate the contract at any time without
substantively compensating the other party for the termination. Upon termination, the Mining pool operators are required to pay the Company
the amount due related to previously satisfied performance obligations. As a result, the Company has determined that the duration of the
contract is less than 24 hours and the contract is continuously renewed throughout the day. Each contract period concludes at 23:59:59
UTC. The Company has also determined that the Mining pool operators’ renewal right is not a material right as the terms, conditions, and
compensation amounts are at then-current market rates.

Bitcoin earned is received in full and can be
paid in fractions of cryptocurrency. Revenues from providing a service to perform hash calculations for the Mining pool operators are
recognized upon delivery of the service (i.e., when the Mining pool operators obtain control of the hash calculations) over a 24-hour
period. The Company updates the estimated transaction price of the non-cash consideration received at its fair market value. Management
estimates fair value daily based on the quantity of Bitcoin received multiplied by the price quoted from Coinbase Inc. (“Coinbase
Prime”) on the day it was received. Management considers the prices quoted on Coinbase Prime to be a Level 1 input for fair value
measurement purposes.

ii. Revenue from electrical services

The Company sells electrical components and provides
electrician installation of those components as well as repair and maintenance services. Revenues are recognized according to the stage
of completion of the transaction as of the balance sheet date. The stage of completion is estimated based on the costs incurred for the
transaction compared to the total estimated cost of completion for the project. Under this input-based measure, revenues are recognized
in the reporting period in which the services are provided. In the event that the outcome of the contract cannot be measured reliably,
the revenues are recognized to the extent of the recoverable expenses incurred.

iii. Revenue from hosting services

The Company has entered into hosting agreements
under which it operates Mining-related equipment on behalf of third parties within its facilities. Revenue from hosting agreements is
recognized as the Company satisfies its performance obligation of operating the hosting equipment over time.

The consideration for the Company’s hosting
agreement comprises (a) the variable cost-of-power fee, denominated in cash, and (b) a portion of the Bitcoin mined by the customer’s
Mining-related equipment that the Company hosts, denominated in Bitcoin. The amount of consideration does not include a significant financing
component and, therefore, is not adjusted for the effects of the time value of money in determining the transaction price.

F- 15

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

Revenue recognition (Continued)

iii. Revenue from hosting services (Continued)

Estimates for variable cost-of-power fees and
variable Bitcoin consideration are fully constrained. The Company includes these amounts in the transaction price only when it is probable
that no significant revenue reversal will occur once the uncertainty is resolved. Each quarter, when uncertainty is resolved, the Company
includes in the transaction price (a) the actual amount of the variable cost-of-power fee and (b) the noncash Bitcoin consideration equal
to the product of (1) the Company’s share of Bitcoin Mined by customers’ hosted equipment during the period and (2) the quoted
Bitcoin price in the Company’s principal market at contract inception. At the end of each reporting period, the Company also reassesses
the estimated transaction price to determine whether an estimate of the variable consideration over the remaining contract term is fully
constrained.

Because there is only one performance obligation
to provide an integrated hosting service to the Company’s hosting customers, the entire transaction price described above is allocated
to the single performance obligation and recognized over time as the integrated hosting service is provided. Since the variable consideration
is fully constrained, the Company recognizes revenue based on the actual cost-of-power and Bitcoin Mining components of the transaction
price each reporting period when uncertainty regarding the amount of variable consideration is resolved.

iv. Energy revenue

The Company operates as a market participant through
the Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland Interconnection (“PJM”), a Regional Transmission Organization (“RTO”) that
coordinates the movement of wholesale electricity. The Company sells energy from its Panther Creek and Scrubgrass generating plants in
the open market in the PJM RTO in the real-time, location marginal pricing market. Revenues from the sale of energy are recognized as
the energy is delivered as a series of distinct units that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer
over time and are, therefore, accounted for as a distinct performance obligation. Revenue from the sale of energy is recognized over time
as energy volumes are generated and delivered to the RTO (which is contemporaneous with generation), using the output method based on
megawatt hours for measuring progress. The Company applies the right to invoice practical expedient in recognizing revenue from the sale
of energy. Under this practical expedient, revenue from the sale of energy is recognized based on the invoiced amount which corresponds
directly with the value provided to the customer for the Company’s performance obligation completed to date.

Cost of revenues

Cost of revenues include costs directly attributable
to the Company’s revenue-generating activities. These costs primarily consist of electricity and energy costs used in cryptocurrency
mining operations, depreciation and amortization of mining equipment and related infrastructure, hosting expenses, infrastructure operating
costs, and electrical components and related salaries.

Cost of revenues may also include inventory consumption,
customs duties, and other costs directly associated with the operation and maintenance of Bitcoin data centers. Certain government incentives,
including renewable energy credits (“RECs”), waste tax credits (“WTCs”), and sales tax recoveries are recognized as
reductions of the related expenses when earned.

F- 16

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits
and short-term, highly-liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. The Company only holds cash and maintains
its cash in accounts at high-quality financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

Rights to renewable energy credits and waste tax credits

The Company uses refuse, which is classified as
a Tier II Alternative Energy Source under Pennsylvania law, to produce energy for sale. RECs are generated from renewable sources (i.e.,
refuse) and may be sold or traded. Government grants related to WTCs are issued by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

The Company recognizes rights to RECs and WTCs
as intangible assets when the underlying energy generation or waste coal consumption occurs. The quantity of RECs recognized is based
on net megawatt-hour (“MWh”) generation during the period and estimated conversion rates derived from recent historical experience,
while WTCs are recognized based on actual waste coal consumption multiplied by the applicable statutory credit rate.

The value of RECs recognized incorporates estimates
of market prices based on recent transactions or pricing information obtained from third party brokers. RECs are generally certified by
PJM approximately two months after the related generation, at which time estimates are updated as necessary. WTCs are typically certified
by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the year following the related waste coal consumption.

Simultaneously, as the rights to RECs and WTCs
are recognized as intangible assets, a corresponding contra expense within cost of revenues is recognized to offset the fuel expenses
incurred to produce energy. The Company is permitted and does sell these intangibles, recognizing a gain or loss on disposal in the consolidated
statement of operations.

Income tax

Income taxes are comprised of current and deferred
taxes. These taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Current tax is recognized in connection with income for tax
purposes, unrealized tax benefits and the recovery of tax paid in a prior period and measured using the enacted tax rates and laws applicable
to the taxation period during which the income for tax purposes arose. Deferred tax is recognized on the difference between the carrying
amount of an asset or a liability, as reflected in the financial statements, and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of
income for tax purposes and measured using the enacted tax rates and laws as at the balance sheet date that are expected to apply to the
income that the Company expects to arise for tax purposes in the period during which the difference is expected to reverse. Management
assesses the likelihood that a deferred tax asset will be realized, and a valuation allowance is provided to the extent that it is more
likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The determination of both current and deferred taxes
reflects the Company’s interpretation of the relevant tax rules and judgment.

Income taxes are recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations, except when they relate to an item that is recognized in other comprehensive loss or directly in equity, in
which case, the taxes are also recognized in other comprehensive loss or directly in equity respectively. Where income taxes arise from
the initial accounting for a business combination, these are included in the accounting for the business combination.

F- 17

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Income tax (Continued)

In December 2023, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
(“ASU 2023-09”) , to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures by requiring disaggregated
information about a reporting entity’s effective tax rate reconciliation and information on income taxes paid. The Company retrospectively
adopted ASU 2023-09 in the year ended December 31, 2025. Refer to Note 19 for the required disclosures.

Digital assets

Digital assets are received
as non-cash consideration for providing computational power used for hashing calculations and hosting services, in accordance with the
Company’s revenue recognition policy under ASC 606. Digital assets are classified as current assets in the consolidated balance
sheets as they are highly liquid, and the Company expects to realize them in cash within twelve months.

The Company adopted ASU 2023-08, Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other-Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets (“ASU 2023-08”) as of January
1, 2023. As a result, digital assets are measured at fair value each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations. The fair value of digital assets is measured using the period-end closing price from the Company’s principal
market, which is Coinbase Prime. When the Company sells digital assets, gains or losses from the disposal are measured as the difference
between the cash proceeds and the cost basis, determined using a weighted average cost method.

Inventories

Electronic and networking components, waste coal,
limestone, and fuel oil are valued at the lower of average cost or net realizable value and include all related transportation and handling
costs. The Company performs periodic assessments to determine the existence of obsolete, slow-moving and unusable inventory and recognizes
an allowance to reduce such inventories to net realizable value as necessary.

Assets held for sale

The Company classifies long-lived assets or an
asset group to be sold as “held for sale” in the period in which all of the following criteria are met: (i) the Company is committed to
their sale, (ii) the assets are available for immediate sale in their present condition, (iii) there is a program to locate a buyer, (iv)
it is probable that a sale will be completed within one year from the date of classification, (v) the asset is being actively marketed
for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value, and (vi) actions required to complete the plan indicate
that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. From the date of such initial
classification, the assets are no longer depreciated and are presented separately as current assets at the lower of their carrying amount
and fair value less costs to sell, and any related liabilities (in the asset group) are separately classified as current liabilities.

Discontinued operations

A discontinued operation is a component of the
Company that has either been abandoned, sold or classified as “held for sale” and represents a strategic shift that has (or
will have) a major effect on the Company’s operations and financial results.

F- 18

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

Property, Plant and Equipment, Net

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost,
including directly attributable costs, less accumulated depreciation, accumulated impairment losses and any related investment grants,
and excluding day-to-day servicing expenses. Cost includes spare parts and auxiliary equipment used in connection with plant and equipment.
The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment includes the initial estimate of the costs of dismantling and removing the item and
restoring the site on which the item is located when a legal obligation exists at the time the asset is placed in service.

Interest related to construction of assets is
capitalized when the financial statement effect of capitalization is material, construction of the asset has begun, and interest is being
incurred. Interest capitalization ends at the earlier of the asset being substantially complete and ready for its intended use or when
interest costs are no longer being incurred.

Property, plant and equipment are depreciated
as follows:

Asset Class Depreciation Method Depreciation period
BVVE
Miners Straight-line 3 years
Mining-related equipment Straight-line 5 years
Leasehold improvements Straight-line Shorter of the lease term and the expected life of the improvement
Machinery and equipment Straight-line 5 to 30 years
Buildings Declining balance 4 %
Power Plants Declining balance 4 %
Vehicles Declining balance 30 %

The useful life, depreciation
method and residual value of an asset are reviewed at least each year-end and any changes are accounted for prospectively as a change
in accounting estimate. Depreciation of an asset ceases at the earlier of the date that the asset is classified as “held for sale”
and the date that the asset is derecognized.

F- 19

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued)

Leases

Right-of-use (“ROU”)
assets represent the Company’s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company’s
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company determines whether an arrangement contains a lease at the inception
of the arrangement in accordance with ASC 842, Leases .

The Company determines lease
classification at lease commencement as either operating or finance. The Company recognizes a ROU asset and a corresponding lease liability
at lease commencement for leases with a term greater than 12 months. Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of lease payments
over the lease term.

The Company has elected not to recognize ROU assets
and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less that do not include an option to purchase the
underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise. The Company continues to recognize the lease payments associated
with these leases as expenses as incurred over the lease term.

The Company generally uses its incremental borrowing
rate to determine the present value of lease payments as the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

Additional quantitative information regarding
the Company’s leases, including lease costs and maturity analyses of lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 18.

F- 20

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

Leases (Continued)

For finance leases, lease
liabilities are increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. ROU assets are depreciated over
the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:

Asset Class Depreciation Method Depreciation period
Leased premises Straight-line 4 - 10 years
Machinery and equipment Straight-line 3 - 4 years
Vehicles and other Straight-line 3 - 5 years
BVVE Straight-line 3 years

For operating leases, the
lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in cost of revenues and general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations, depending on the nature of the asset.

Variable lease payments are generally expensed
as incurred and include certain index-based changes in rent, certain performance or usage-based payments, and other charges included in
the lease.

Intangible assets

Intangible assets consist of acquired software
and access rights to electricity with finite useful lives. Intangible assets acquired separately are initially measured at cost plus direct
acquisition costs. Intangible assets acquired in business combinations are measured at their fair value as of the acquisition date.

Intangible assets are amortized as follows:

Asset Class Amortization Method Amortization period
Systems software Sum of years 5 years
Access rights to electricity Straight-line Lease term of the data center or the access rights period

The amortization period and the
amortization method for an intangible asset are reviewed at least each year end and any changes are accounted for prospectively as a change
in accounting estimate.

Impairment of long-lived assets

The Company’s long-lived assets (including property,
plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives) are assessed for impairment when events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.

In order to determine if assets have been impaired,
assets are grouped and tested at the lowest level for which identifiable independent cash flows are available (“asset group”).
When indicators of potential impairment are present, the Company prepares a projected undiscounted cash flow analysis for the respective
asset or asset group over the remaining useful life of the asset or asset group. If the sum of the undiscounted cash flow is less than
the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess of the carrying amount over the
fair value of the asset or asset group, if any. Fair value is generally determined using discounted cash flow techniques or other valuation
methods consistent with the market participant assumptions, as applicable. Impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated statements
of operations in the period in which the impairment is identified and are not reversed in subsequent periods.

F- 21

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

Impairment of financial assets

The Company recognizes an allowance for potentially
uncollectable accounts under the current expected credit loss (“CECL”) impairment model in accordance with ASC 326, Financial
Instruments – Credit Losses, for all financial assets measured at amortized cost, including accounts receivable and refundable
deposits. The CECL impairment model requires an estimate of expected credit losses measured over the contractual life of an instrument,
which considers forecasts of future economic conditions in addition to information about past events and current conditions. Based on
this model the Company considers many factors, including the aging of the balances, collection history, the counterparty’s credit rating,
current economic conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, among other factors. The allowance is estimated as the difference
between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Company in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Company
expects to receive, which may be discounted at the original effective interest rate (“EIR”), when the effect of discounting
is material. Bad debts are written off against the allowance after all collection efforts have ceased.

Non-hedge derivative instruments

The Company enters into Bitcoin option contracts
to reduce the risk of variability of cash flows resulting from the fluctuations in the Bitcoin price that impact future sales of digital
assets. In addition, the Company entered into contracts and earned premiums by agreeing to sell Bitcoin if the price reached specific
targets (“Bitcoin call option’’) to reduce the risk of variability of cash flows. These derivatives are not designated for hedge accounting
under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging and are accounted for at fair value upon initial recognition and at each balance sheet date
with changes in fair value recognized as gain or loss on derivative assets and liabilities within other income (expense) in the consolidated
statement of operations.

Convertible debt

Upon issuance, the Company assesses the various
terms and features of the convertible debt instruments to determine whether there are any embedded derivatives that are required to be
accounted for separately from the host contract that do not qualify for a scope exception under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC
815”) and recognized on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The fair value of bifurcated derivative liabilities, if any,
are required to be revalued at each balance sheet date, with corresponding changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements
of operations.

Convertible debt instruments that do not require
bifurcation are accounted for as a single liability measured at amortized cost. The Convertible debt instruments are initially recorded
at principal amount, net of issuance costs. Debt issuance costs are presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt
and are amortized to interest expense over the contractual term using the effective interest method. Interest expense includes the contractual
coupon and amortization of issuance costs.

The fair value of the Convertible debt instruments
is disclosed in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments . Fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow model based
on the Company’s current borrowing rate for similar instruments and is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy under
ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement .

F- 22

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

Capped Call Transactions

Capped call transactions entered into in connection
with convertible debt issuances are evaluated under ASC 815-40 to determine whether they qualify for equity classification. Instruments
that do not qualify for equity classification are recognized as derivative assets or liabilities and measured at fair value at each reporting
date, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.

Fair value is determined using a monte carlo option pricing
model that incorporates relevant market-based inputs, including the Company’s share price, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate,
expected term and contractual terms of the instruments. The fair value measurement is classified within the appropriate level of the fair
value hierarchy under ASC 820 based on the nature of the inputs used.

Fair value measurement

Fair value is the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

Fair value measurement assumes that the transaction
to sell the asset occurs in the principal market or, in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market. The fair value
of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming
that market participants act in their economic best interest. For liabilities, fair value measurement reflects the effect of nonperformance
risk, including the Company’s own credit risk.

The Company uses valuation
techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the
use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. Fair value measurement of long-lived assets takes into
account a market participant’s ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to
another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The fair values are measured using the cost,
market or income approaches. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value, or whose fair value is disclosed, are classified into categories
within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the overall fair value measurement. The determination
of the level in the fair value hierarchy requires judgment, including the assessment of the significance of a particular input to the
overall fair value measurement.

Level Fair Value Hierarchy Level definitions
Level 1 Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 Observable, market-based inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, for similar assets or liabilities that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace
Level 3 Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions

F- 23

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Stock-based compensation

Compensation expense for stock-based awards granted
to employees and board members is measured at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments. The fair value of stock options (“Options”)
is determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Restricted share units (“RSUs”) are measured based on the grant-date
fair value of the Company’s common shares. The fair value of performance share units (“PSUs”) is determined using a
Monte Carlo valuation model. Stock-based awards granted to non-employees are measured based on the fair value of the equity instruments
expected to be issued in exchange for goods or services received.

Stock-based compensation expense is recognized
within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations, with a corresponding increase in additional paid-in
capital, over the requisite service period. The Company has elected to account for forfeitures of awards as they occur.

Options and RSUs are service-based awards that
vest in installments. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense using the graded vesting attribution method over the requisite
service period.

PSUs are performance-based awards granted to senior
management as part of the Company’s long-term incentive plan. PSUs entitle participants to receive a specified number of common shares
of the Company, subject to the achievement of predetermined market and service conditions over a defined vesting period. PSUs vest in
a single tranche at the end of the performance cycle, contingent upon the attainment of certain corporate performance objectives. The
number of common shares issued upon vesting is subject to a performance multiplier based on the level of achievement of the performance
objectives and may range from 0 % to 200 % of the target award. The likelihood of achieving the market condition is incorporated into the
fair value of the PSUs and compensation expense will be recognized if the requisite service period is fulfilled even if the market condition is never satisfied.

Warrants

The Company accounts for warrants issued by the
Company by first assessing whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification, including whether the warrants
are indexed to the Company’s own shares of common stock and whether the warrant holders could require “net cash settlement”
in a circumstance outside of the Company’s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment is conducted
at the time of issuance of the warrants and reassessed as of each subsequent balance sheet date while the warrants are outstanding. For
issued warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, such warrants are required to be classified as liabilities
initially at their fair value on the date of issuance and subsequently remeasured to fair value on each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of liability-classified warrants are recognized in Other (expense) income within the consolidated
statements of operations.

Earnings per share

Earnings per share is computed by dividing net
income (loss) attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Potential
common shares are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share if their effect dilutes earnings per share from continuing
operations. Potential common shares that were converted during the period are included in diluted earnings per share only up to the conversion
date, and from that date are included in basic earnings per share.

F- 24

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

Segment reporting

Operating segments are identified based on the
manner in which the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) as its chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) reviews financial information, evaluates
operating performance, and allocates resources. Operating segments are defined as components of the Company that engage in business activities
from which they may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the CODM, and for which discrete
financial information is available. The Company operates multiple Bitcoin data centers, each of which constitutes an operating segment.
The Company aggregates operating segments into a single operating segment when the segments have similar economic characteristics and
meet the aggregation criteria prescribed by ASC 280, Segment Reporting. The Company has aggregated all of its mining operating segments
into a single operating segment, which is the Company’s only reportable segment, Cryptocurrency Mining, as the operating segments have
similar economic characteristics. The CODM evaluates segment performance based on net income (loss). Refer to Note 24 for the Company’s
segment and geographical disclosures.

Recently issued accounting pronouncements

In
September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted
Improvements to the Accounting for Internal Use Software (“ASU 2025-06”). ASU 2025-06 eliminates the distinction between
software project development stages and clarifies the threshold applied to begin capitalizing costs. The new standard is effective for
the Company for its annual and interim periods beginning January 1, 2028, and permits prospective, modified prospective, retrospective
or early adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard.

In July 2025, the FASB issued
ASU 2025-05, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract
Assets (“ASU 2025-05”). ASU 2025-05 provides an optional practical expedient when applying the guidance related to the
estimate of expected credit losses for current accounts receivable and current contract assets resulting from transactions arising from
contracts with customers. The new standard is effective for the Company for its annual and interim periods beginning January 1, 2026,
with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting the standard.

In May 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-03, Business
Combinations (Topic 805) and Consolidation (Topic 810): Determining the Accounting Acquirer in the Acquisition of a Variable Interest
Entity (“ASU 2025-03”), which amends the guidance for identifying the accounting acquirer in transactions involving the
acquisition of a variable interest entity that meets the definition of a business. The guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice
and improve consistency in the application of acquisition accounting. The new standard is effective for the Company for its annual periods
beginning January 1, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard.

In March 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-02,
Liabilities (Topic 405): Amendments to SEC Paragraph Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 122 (“ASU 2025-02”).
ASU 2025-02 amends the Accounting Standard Codification to remove the text of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 121, as
rescinded by SAB 122. The new standard is effective immediately and did not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated
Financial Statements.

F- 25

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(Continued)

Recently issued accounting pronouncements
(Continued)

In November 2024, the FASB
issued ASU 2024-04, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20): Induced Conversions of Convertible Debt Instruments
(“ASU 2024-04”). ASU 2024-04 clarifies the accounting for induced conversions of convertible debt instruments and improves
the consistency of accounting for settlements of convertible debt that occur at terms different from those specified in the original contract.
The new standard is effective for the Company for its annual and interim periods beginning January 1, 2026, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard.

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03 ,
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40) : Disaggregation of Income
Statement Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”). ASU 2024-03 requires additional disclosures of certain expenses in the notes of the
financial statements, to provide enhanced transparency into the expense captions presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Additionally, in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-01, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation
Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date (“ASU 2025-01”), to clarify the effective date of ASU 2024-03.
The new standard is effective for the Company for its annual periods beginning January 1, 2027 and for interim periods beginning January
1, 2028, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the standard.

NOTE 3: BUSINESS COMBINATION

On March 14, 2025 (the “Acquisition
Date”), the Company acquired 100 % of the issued share capital of Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. (“Stronghold”) in a
stock-for-stock merger transaction. Under the terms of the merger agreement, each Stronghold shareholder received 2.52 shares of Bitfarms
for each Stronghold share they owned. A total of 59,866,609 common shares and 12,893,650 warrants were issued. In addition, the Company
paid $ 51,060 on closing to retire Stronghold’s outstanding loans and other closing costs. The acquisition was accounted for as a business
combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The fair value of the
59,866,609 shares issued as part of the consideration paid for Stronghold was based on the published share price on March 14, 2025 of
$ 1.11 per share. Issuance costs of $ 196 , which were directly attributable to the issuance of the shares, were netted against the deemed
proceeds.

As a result of the business combination, the pre-existing
hosting agreements between the Company and Stronghold were effectively settled. A gain of $ 945 was recognized on the settlement of the
Refundable Hosting Deposits. Refer to Note 15 and Note 22 for more details.

Stronghold is a vertically integrated power generation
and data center company focused on environmental remediation and reclamation services in Pennsylvania, United States. The Stronghold transaction
is aligned with the Company’s strategic objectives to diversify its operations and expand its presence in the United States through vertical
integration of power generation and energy arbitrage capabilities.

F- 26

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 3: BUSINESS COMBINATION
(Continued)

Details of the final purchase price allocation
and the fair value of the net assets acquired on March 14, 2025 are as follows:

As of March 14,

2025

Purchase consideration

Cash paid through repayment of debts
44,982

Reimbursement of Stronghold’s acquisition-related costs
6,078

Fair value of shares issued
66,452

Fair value of warrants issued
11,477

Fair value of replacement stock-based compensation
232

Settlement of Refundable Hosting Deposits
15,474

Fair value of consideration transferred
144,695

Net identifiable assets acquired

Cash
2,976

Accounts receivable
1,095

Short-term prepaid deposits
1,732

Other assets (current)
118

Rights to renewable energy credits and waste tax credits
8,989

Inventories
3,269

Property, plant and equipment
152,264

Intangible assets, net
51

Operating and finance lease right-of-use assets
1,594

Other non-current assets
1,550

Accounts payable and accrued expenses
( 23,488 )

Current portion of long-term debt
( 420 )

Current portion of operating and finance lease liabilities
( 800 )

Long-term debt
( 460 )

Non-current operating and finance lease liabilities
( 756 )

Other non-current liabilities
( 3,019 )

Total net identifiable assets acquired
144,695

F- 27

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 3: BUSINESS
COMBINATION (Continued)

Total acquisition-related
costs that were not directly attributable to the issuance of shares amounted to $ 7,081 , of which $ 1,571 were incurred during the first
quarter of 2025, and $ 5,510 were expensed during the year ended December 31, 2024. These amounts were included in general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.

From the acquisition date through December 31,
2025, Stronghold’s total revenue and net income (net of tax) included in the consolidated statements of operations was $ 77,748 and
$ 2,196 , respectively.

The following pro-forma summary presents consolidated
information of the Company as if the business combination had occurred on January 1, 2024 for the indicated periods:

Year ended December 31,

(unaudited)
2025
2024

Revenue from continuing operations
231,342
198,048

Net loss from continuing operations
( 216,012 )
( 63,055 )

The unaudited pro forma financial information
should not be considered indicative of actual results that would have been achieved had the acquisition of Stronghold actually been consummated
on the date indicated and does not purport to be indicative of the Company’s future financial position or operating results. These pro
forma results include the impact of depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets acquired, and
the impact of the acquisition on interest expense and income tax expense. No adjustments have been reflected in the pro forma financial
information for anticipated growth and efficiency opportunities. There were no material nonrecurring pro forma adjustments directly attributable
to the acquisition included within the unaudited pro forma financial information.

The following table presents the supplemental
cash flow information:

Year ended
December 31,

2025

Cash outflow, net of cash acquired

Cash consideration
51,060

Less: cash balances acquired
( 2,976 )

Net cash outflow related to investing activities
48,084

Measurement period adjustments

The Company obtained new information about amounts
and the related facts and circumstances that existed at the Acquisition Date that should have been recognized as of the Acquisition Date.

During the second quarter of 2025, adjustment
to recognize additional accrued liabilities and rights to energy credits of $ 1,500 and $ 3,104 , respectively, were recognized with a corresponding
net decrease of $ 1,602 in property, plant and equipment.

During the third quarter of 2025, an adjustment
to recognize WTCs that existed as of the Acquisition Date of $ 5,885 was recognized with a corresponding decrease in property, plant and
equipment. In addition, other adjustments of $ 1,462 were recognized with a corresponding increase in property, plant and equipment.

The measurement period adjustments are reflected
in the final purchase price allocation table above.

F- 28

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 4: ACQUISITION OF ASSETS

Acquisition of leased property and energy agreements

On October 24, 2025, the Company acquired the
previously leased site in Sharon, Pennsylvania, United States (“Sharon Property”), the energy rights and energy construction
agreements for $ 5,000 and 8,500,000 common shares. The lease agreement for the site was terminated. Refer to Note 18 for details regarding
the lease.

The acquisition of the Sharon Property does not
meet the definition of a business combination as its primary assets consist mainly of land, building and contractual energy rights for
up to 120 MW of power capacity and electrical construction contracts. Therefore, the transaction has been recorded as an acquisition of
a group of assets.

The purchase price is as follows:

Purchase price

Cash consideration
5,000

Value of 8,500,000 common shares transferred at closing
33,745

Derecognition of lease liability
( 9,014 )

Right-of-use asset surrendered
10,055

Transaction costs
626

40,412

Assets acquired

Land
39,710

Building
702

40,412

F- 29

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 5: RIGHTS TO RENEWABLE ENERGY CREDITS
AND WASTE TAX CREDITS

As of December 31,

2025

Rights to renewable energy credits
Rights to waste tax credits
Total

Balance as of January 1,
—

—

—

Additions related to business combination
3,104
5,885
8,989

Additions during the period
17,076
5,687
22,763

Less: sale of credits to third parties
( 13,274 )
—

( 13,274 )

Balance as of period end
6,906
11,572
18,478

NOTE 6: ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE,
NET

The
balance of the allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable is as follows:

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Balance as of January 1,
( 63 )
( 51 )
( 37 )

Current period allowance
—

( 17 )
( 28 )

Write offs charged against allowance
—

—

16

Recoveries collected
—

—

( 1 )

Allowance for credit losses
( 3 )
5
( 1 )

Balance as of December 31,
( 66 )
( 63 )
( 51 )

NOTE 7: OTHER ASSETS

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024

Sales taxes receivable
1,065
2,681

Income taxes receivable
355
424

Other receivables
1,405
1,177

2,825
4,282

F- 30

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 8: DIGITAL ASSETS

Bitcoin transactions and the corresponding values for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were
as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024

Quantity
Value ($)
Quantity
Value ($)

Balance of digital assets including restricted digital assets as of January 1,
1,285
120,124
804
33,971

Bitcoin earned*
2,008
202,691
1,992
126,920

Bitcoin earned from discontinued operations
579
58,713
922
59,607

Hosting revenue received in Bitcoin
46
1,527
—

—

Bitcoin received in exchange for goods
10
1,128
—

—

Change in Bitcoin earned, not received
( 6 )
( 512 )
—

—

Bitcoin exchanged for cash
( 1,765 )
( 171,091 )
( 2,419 )
( 152,135 )

Bitcoin exchanged for goods and services
( 97 )
( 9,992 )
( 14 )
( 1,463 )

Realized gain on disposition of digital assets
—

28,219
—

27,209

Change in fair value of digital assets
—

( 50,522 )
—

26,015

Balance of digital assets including restricted digital assets as of December 31,*
2,060
180,285
1,285
120,124

Less: Restricted digital assets as of December 31,**
( 64 )
( 5,559 )
( 351 )
( 32,826 )

Balance of digital assets excluding restricted digital assets as of December 31,
1,996
174,726
934
87,298

* Management estimates the fair value of Bitcoin earned on
a daily basis as the quantity of cryptocurrency received multiplied by the price quoted on Coinbase Prime on the day it was received.
Management considers the prices quoted on Coinbase Prime to be a Level 1 input under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement.

** As of December 31, 2025, Restricted digital assets comprise
Bitcoin held by a third party in connection with Bitcoin selling contracts.

As of December 31, 2024, Restricted digital
assets comprise Bitcoin payments (“Bitcoin Pledged”) to a third party as deposits for Miners. As the Company retains the contractual
right to redeem the Bitcoin Pledged, the third party does not obtain control of the underlying asset and the arrangement does not meet
the definition of a sale. Refer to Note 10, 14 and 22 for additional details.

NOTE 9:
INVENTORIES

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024

Waste, limestone and fuel oil*
5,805
—

Electronic and networking components
2,871
1,137

8,676
1,137

*
On the Acquisition Date, inventories from the Stronghold business combination amounted to $ 3,269 . Refer to Note 3 for more details.

F- 31

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
10: DERIVATIVE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Bitcoin option and selling contracts

The Company purchased Bitcoin option contracts
that provide it with the right, but not the obligation, to sell digital assets at a fixed price. The Company also entered into contracts
and earned premiums by agreeing to sell Bitcoin if the Bitcoin price reached specific targets.

Bitcoin redemption options and redemption obligations

Starting in November 2024, the Company entered
into purchase orders of Miners with a supplier which allows the Company to pay for the Miners in cash, Bitcoin or a combination of both.
In the event that the Company elects to pay using Bitcoin (Bitcoin Pledged, as defined in Note 8) either in full or partially, the Company
has the option to redeem the Bitcoin Pledged at the price originally pledged in four quarterly installments (“Bitcoin Installments”)
within 12 months after the redemption period starts. The redemption period starts when the Miners are shipped. If the Company elects not
to redeem one of the Bitcoin Installments, the Company forfeits the right to redeem the remaining Bitcoin Installments. The right to redeem
the Bitcoin (“Bitcoin Redemption Option”) meets the definition of an embedded derivative.

A redemption obligation was recognized for the
remaining Bitcoin Redemption Options for which Miners have been shipped, reflecting the Company’s obligation to either redeem the Bitcoin
Pledged for cash or use the Bitcoin Pledged for the purchase of the Miners. As of December 31, 2025, the redemption obligation was
nil since the Company exercised its option to redeem 393 Bitcoin for $ 37,097 and forfeited its remaining options to redeem 41 Bitcoin
totaling $ 4,352 during the year ended December 31, 2025. No redemption obligation was recognized as of December 31, 2024, as the
Miners ordered, for which the deposit payment in Bitcoin was made, had not yet been shipped.

Capped call
transactions

In October 2025, in connection with the Convertible
Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions, with a cap price of $ 11.88 per share (representing a 125 % premium over the reference
price). The capped call transactions do not meet the scope exception from derivative accounting, as they fail the equity classification
requirements as the Company cannot settle these transactions by means other than cash and are therefore treated as a derivative asset,
which are measured at fair value.

F- 32

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 10: DERIVATIVE
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

The following table summarizes the derivatives
and reconciles the fair value measurement, which are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy:

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024

Capped call transactions
Bitcoin redemption options
Bitcoin option and selling contracts
Bitcoin redemption options
Bitcoin option and selling contracts

Derivative Assets
Derivative Assets
Derivative Assets
Derivative Liabilities
Derivative Assets
Derivative Assets
Derivative Liabilities

Balance as of January 1,
—

3,418
—

( 128 )
—

1,281
—

Initial recognition
69,090
1,072
—

—

1,349
—

—

Purchases
—

—

89,478
64,965
—

13,610
351

Settlement
—

—

( 73,659 )
( 99,256 )
—

( 30,762 )
( 358 )

Remeasurement recognized in statement of operations
( 63,890 )
( 4,490 )
( 13,532 )
31,497
2,069
15,871
( 121 )

Balance as of period end
5,200
—

2,287
( 2,922 )
3,418
—

( 128 )

Total derivative assets
2,287

3,418

Total long-term derivative assets
5,200

—

Total derivative liabilities
( 2,922 )

( 128 )

The following gain (loss) on derivatives is recognized
in the consolidated statements of operations:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Gain (loss) on Bitcoin options and selling contracts

Unrealized change in fair value of outstanding contracts
1,323
( 179 )
409

Realized gain (loss) on settled contracts
16,642
15,929
( 361 )

17,965
15,750
48

Gain (loss) on Bitcoin redemption options

Unrealized change in fair value
( 2,069 )
2,069
—

Realized loss on settled options
( 2,421 )
—

—

( 4,490 )
2,069
—

Loss on Capped call transactions

Unrealized change in fair value
( 63,890 )
—

—

(Loss) gain on derivative assets and liabilities
( 50,415 )
17,819
48

Refer to Note 22 for more details of derivative
instruments.

F- 33

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
11: ASSETS HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

As of
December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company determined it had surplus Miners and Mining electrical equipment that met the criteria
as “assets held for sale” under ASC 360-10-45 as of the respective balance sheet dates. These assets were measured at
the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell at the time of the classification. These surplus assets are
not determined to be discontinued operations as their planned sale did not represent a strategic shift on the Company’s
operations and financial results.

The fair value of these assets were determined using the market approach, which is based on recent sales prices for similar Miners and equipment. Such fair value measurements
are a non-recurring Level 3 measurement under the fair value hierarchy. The key assumption used by Management to determine fair value
is the most recent amount contracted with a third party for a comparable Miner or equipment sold.

In addition to surplus Miners and equipment,
the Company classified assets in Paraguay which met the criteria as “assets held for sale” during the year ended
December 31, 2025, which have been classified as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements, as detailed in
this note. The Paraguay disposal group included the Paso Pe Bitcoin data center which met the “held for sale” criteria
during the third quarter of 2025 and the Yguazu Bitcoin data center which met the criteria and was sold in the first quarter of
2025. The comparative balance sheet amounts as at December 31, 2024 for the Paso Pe and the Yguazu Bitcoin data centers are classified as held for sale.

The following
table provides the components of the assets or disposal groups that either met the criteria of “assets held for sale” as of
December 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024. Certain of the prior period comparative balance sheet amounts of December 31, 2024
are reclassified to conform to the current-period presentation as of December 31, 2025. The separate presentation of certain assets
as “non-current” as of December 31, 2024 is to distinguish when certain assets are classified as “held for sale”
for comparative presentation purposes only.

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024

Miners
166
4,832

Mining electrical components
3,198
1,117

Assets of disposal group classified as held for sale:

Other assets
1,404
3,428

Inventories - electronic and networking components
426
42

Property, plant and equipment
17,168
105,297

Finance lease right-of-use assets, net
—

306

Long-term deposits and equipment prepayments
1,145
11,795

Refundable deposits - security deposits for energy
5,157
7,740

28,664
134,557

Current portion of assets “held for sale”
( 28,664 )
( 9,419 )

Non-current portion of assets “held for sale”
—

125,138

F- 34

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 11: ASSETS
HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)

Discontinued operations

In 2025, the Company
began a significant transformation of its corporate strategy, exiting its Latin American Bitcoin Mining operations in Paraguay and Argentina
to fully concentrate on the U.S. and Canadian HPC infrastructure markets. As a result of these strategic decisions, the Company classified
certain of its Latin American asset groups as “held for sale” and its operations as discontinued operations. As discussed below, the Argentina asset group was abandoned, and therefore its assets were not classified as
“held for sale”.

The combined
results of the Company’s Argentina and Paraguay operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 are presented below:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Argentina
Paraguay
Total
Argentina
Paraguay
Total
Argentina
Paraguay
Total

Revenues*
10,612
48,101
58,713
33,647
25,960
59,607
19,050
6,916
25,966

Cost of revenues
( 14,331 )
( 43,337 )
( 57,668 )
( 41,014 )
( 32,508 )
( 73,522 )
( 18,336 )
( 7,380 )
( 25,716 )

Gross (loss) profit
( 3,719 )
4,764
1,045
( 7,367 )
( 6,548 )
( 13,915 )
714
( 464 )
250

Operating expenses

General and administrative expenses
( 5,902 )
( 3,953 )
( 9,855 )
( 6,465 )
( 1,723 )
( 8,188 )
( 5,758 )
( 95 )
( 5,853 )

Gain (loss) on disposition of property, plant and equipment and deposits
1,728
116
1,844
( 507 )
971
464
945
( 488 )
457

Impairment of long-lived assets
( 35,294 )
( 38,107 )
( 73,401 )
—

—

—

( 6,982 )
—

( 6,982 )

Operating (loss) gain
( 43,187 )
( 37,180 )
( 80,367 )
( 14,339 )
( 7,300 )
( 21,639 )
( 11,081 )
( 1,047 )
( 12,128 )

Interest expense
—

—

—

—

( 51 )
( 51 )
( 7 )
( 60 )
( 67 )

Other (expense) income
( 525 )
369
( 156 )
1,835
( 1,683 )
152
( 991 )
( 6 )
( 997 )

Total other (expense) income
( 525 )
369
( 156 )
1,835
( 1,734 )
101
( 998 )
( 66 )
( 1,064 )

Loss before income taxes
( 43,712 )
( 36,811 )
( 80,523 )
( 12,504 )
( 9,034 )
( 21,538 )
( 12,079 )
( 1,113 )
( 13,192 )

Income tax (expense) recovery
( 1 )
( 731 )
( 732 )
751
( 219 )
532
( 2,347 )
( 39 )
( 2,386 )

Loss after income tax
( 43,713 )
( 37,542 )
( 81,255 )
( 11,753 )
( 9,253 )
( 21,006 )
( 14,426 )
( 1,152 )
( 15,578 )

Gain on disposition of Yguazu Bitcoin data center
—

5,225
5,225
—

—

—

—

—

—

Loss from discontinued operations
( 43,713 )
( 32,317 )
( 76,030 )
( 11,753 )
( 9,253 )
( 21,006 )
( 14,426 )
( 1,152 )
( 15,578 )

* Revenues are presented based on the geographical contribution
of computational power used for hashing calculations (measured by hashrate) or sales to external customers.

F- 35

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 11: ASSETS
HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)

Discontinued operations (Continued)

The net cash flows incurred by Argentina’s and
Paraguay’s operations are, as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Net change in cash related to operating activities
( 12,773 )
( 25,188 )
13,522

Net change in cash related to investing activities
26,194
27,615
( 14,349 )

Net change in cash related to financing activities
( 274 )
( 296 )
( 287 )

Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations
13,147
2,131
( 1,114 )

i. Argentina’s operations as discontinued operations

During
the second quarter of 2025, the Company’s energy supplier halted the supply of electricity to the Company’s Rio Cuarto, Argentina Bitcoin
data center. Following this event, on August 11, 2025, the Company determined that it would discontinue and abandon its operations in
Rio Cuarto, Argentina. The Company negotiated to eliminate its asset retirement obligation and reduced the reserved power to a minimum.
As of September 30, 2025, the Company’s Argentina operations were abandoned and classified as a discontinued operation. As these operations
represent an asset group that was abandoned, it is not classified as “held for sale” of a disposal group. Notwithstanding, commencing in the second quarter of 2025, the Company also identified
certain electrical equipment and BVVE that could be sold separately and not abandoned.

Impairment on Argentina asset group in the
first quarter of 2025

During the first quarter of 2025, due to indicators
of impairment that included the decline of the Company’s market capitalization and Bitcoin price, the Company performed recoverability tests
for operating Bitcoin data centers in Canada, United States, Paraguay and Argentina. The Company also experienced an increase in gas prices
which affected the Company’s cost of energy in Argentina.

In performing a recoverability test, the Company
calculated the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from continued use and eventual disposition for the Argentina asset
group, and determined it was lower than its carrying amount, therefore the Argentina asset group was not recoverable, and an impairment
loss in the amount of $ 17,504 was recognized to write down the carrying amount of the asset group to its fair value.

To measure the impairment loss, fair value was
determined using an income approach under ASC 820 based on a discounted cash flow model incorporating management’s estimates of
future cash flows, expected Bitcoin prices, projected operating expenses, and a market-based discount rate. Due to the use of significant
unobservable inputs, the fair value measurement was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

F- 36

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 11: ASSETS
HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)

Discontinued operations (Continued)

i. Argentina’s operations as discontinued
operations (Continued)

Impairment in Argentina asset group in the
second quarter of 2025

Management considered the suspension of the cryptocurrency
Mining activities in Argentina as an indicator of impairment and performed a recoverability test for its operating Bitcoin data center
in Argentina. The sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows for the Argentina asset group was determined to be lower than its
carrying amount, therefore the Argentina asset group is not recoverable and an impairment loss in the amount of $ 14,872 was recognized
to write down the carrying amount of the asset group to its fair value less cost to sell.

As the Argentina operations represent an asset
group that was abandoned, it is not classified as held for sale of a disposal group. Notwithstanding, commencing in the second quarter
of 2025, the Company also identified certain electrical equipment and BVVE that could be sold separately and not abandoned. As of December
31, 2025, the Company had $ 2,703 assets held for sale and were measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs
to sell.

Fair value was determined using an income approach
under ASC 820 based on a discounted cash flow model as previously described above.

Impairment
of assets during the third quarter of 2025

Additional impairment
loss of $ 1,432 was recognized to write down the carrying amount of certain assets to their fair value less cost to sell in the third quarter
of 2025.

Impairment on short-term prepaid deposits during
the second quarter of 2023

In 2022, the Company
entered into agreements with external brokers to be able to proceed with the importation of its Miners into Argentina. Under the agreements,
the Company was required to make advance deposits to the external brokers, which were classified as short-term prepaid deposits on the
consolidated balance sheets. During the second quarter of 2023, the Company decided to terminate the importation agreements with the external
brokers as of June 30, 2023.

The Company assumed
the cost of terminating the importation agreements with external brokers as part of a revised importation strategy and, as a result, impaired
$ 6,982 of short-term prepaid deposits. This impairment is presented in the consolidated statements of operations under loss from discontinued operations.

F- 37

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 11: ASSETS
HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued)

Discontinued operations (Continued)

ii . Paraguay’s operations as discontinued operations and assets
held for sale

During the
first quarter of 2025, the Company finalized the sale of its Yguazu Bitcoin data center in Paraguay. Subsequently, during the third
quarter of 2025, the Company determined that the Paso Pe Bitcoin data center met the criteria to be classified as “held for
sale”, and that all operations in Paraguay should be classified as discontinued operations as the Company makes a strategic shift
towards HPC data center projects in North America. For comparability, as at December 31, 2024, the Company reclassified the assets
related to Paso Pe and Yguazu Bitcoin data centers in Paraguay as assets “held for sale”.

Sale of the
Yguazu Bitcoin Data Center

On March 17, 2025, the Company completed
the sale of its 200 MW Bitcoin data center under development in Yguazu, Paraguay to HIVE Digital Technologies Ltd. (“HIVE”)
pursuant to a January 24, 2025 share purchase agreement. The transaction involved the sale of the Company’s 100 % ownership stake
in the Yguazu Bitcoin data center and resulted in the derecognition of the subsidiary’s assets and liabilities. The transaction
details are as follows:

As of
March 17

2025

Consideration

Advance received in January 2025 upon signing the LOI
20,000

Cash received upon closing
12,038

Receivable over 6 equal monthly payments following the closing date*
31,000

Other costs assumed by HIVE
222

Total consideration received
63,260

Net assets transferred

Current assets
2,590

Property, plant and equipment
34,006

Intangible asset
309

Long-term deposits and equipment prepayments
18,321

Security deposit for energy
2,809

Total net assets transferred
58,035

Gain on disposal of subsidiary
5,225

* As of December 31, 2025, the $ 31,000 interest-free
receivable was fully collected.

Impairment
of Paraguay asset group in the third quarter of 2025

During the third quarter of 2025, upon classifying
the assets of its Paso Pe operations as “held for sale”, the Company assessed their value at fair value less costs to sell which
resulted in an impairment loss of $ 26,962 on its Paraguay operations.

Impairment
of Paraguay asset group in the fourth quarter of 2025

During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company reassessed the fair value less costs to sell of the Paso
Pe operations, which were classified as “held for sale” and reported as discontinued operations. Based on this reassessment,
the Company recognized a further impairment loss of $ 11,145 related to the Paraguay asset group, reflecting the write-down to fair value
less costs to sell as of December 31, 2025. This impairment loss is presented within loss from discontinued operations in the consolidated
statements of operations.

Subsequent to December 31, 2025, in January
2026, a definitive purchase agreement was signed for the sale of the Paso Pe operations for total consideration of approximately
$ 25,300 , which is expected to close in the second quarter of 2026. In
February 2026, the definitive purchase agreement was amended to extend the exclusivity period from 60 days to 105 days. As of the
date these financial statements were issued, the sale transaction had not been completed.

F- 38

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 12: IMPAIRMENT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

The following table summarizes the impairment
loss in the consolidated statements of operations:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Impairment of assets held for sale*
$ 9,893
$ 3,628
$ 504

Short-term prepaid deposits
—

—

—

Property, plant and equipment
18,549
—

5,100

Impairment from continuing operations
28,442
3,628
5,604

* Upon classification as “held for sale”, the
assets were measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell.

2025 impairment
loss from continuing operations

During
the year ended December 31, 2025, as a result of the significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset (Miners), and significant
adverse change in the extent or manner in which certain asset groups are being used, the Company performed evaluations of the recoverable
amount of the assets for the asset groups at the Company’s Bitcoin data centers in Québec, Washington state, and Sharon, Pennsylvania
separately. Following the Company’s market approach analysis to determine the fair value of the asset groups, the Company recognized
an impairment loss of $ 16,690 related to the Miners and buildings of the Bitcoin data center in Sharon, Pennsylvania. The total impairment
loss is included in “Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits” with the loss from continuing operations. In addition,
an impairment charge of $ 1,859 was recognized related to the obsolescence of electrical components.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the
Company recognized $ 9,893 of impairment on Miners “held for sale” as a result of the reassessment of the fair value less
costs to sell.

2024 impairment loss

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
recognized $ 3,628 of impairment on Miners “held for sale” as a result of the reassessment of the fair value less costs to sell.

2023 impairment loss

Impairment on mineral assets during the second
quarter of 2023

The Suni mineral
asset was acquired in connection with the reverse acquisition of Bitfarms Ltd (Israel) on April 12, 2018, and its value at the time was
estimated at $ 9,000 based on an independent appraiser’s valuation. Suni is an iron ore deposit located in Canada that was held by the
acquiree. Since its acquisition, following the presence of impairment indicators, the Suni mineral asset was written down to a carrying
amount of $ 3,250 as of December 31, 2022. During the second quarter of 2023, the planned disposal of the Suni mineral asset resulted in
the recognition of an impairment charge of $ 3,250 , reducing the carrying amount to nil . This impairment charge is presented in the consolidated
statements of operation under Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits. On July 27, 2023, the Company sold the Suni mineral asset
for a nominal amount to a third party.

Impairment on electrical components during the
fourth quarter of 2023

During the third
quarter of 2023, the Company de-energized its 2 MW immersion cooling pilot project in Washington state as the equipment did not perform
to the Company’s expectations of performance and costs. With the de-energization of the immersion cooling pilot project, the 2 MW
of hydroelectricity remains available to the Company to use in the future. During the fourth quarter of 2023, in connection with the planned
disposal of the de-energized immersion cooling electrical components, Management tested those assets for impairment, resulting in an impairment
charge of $ 1,882 before being reclassified to assets “held for sale”. This impairment charge is presented within loss from continuing
operations under Impairment of long-lived assets and deposits.

F- 39

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 13: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, property, plant
and equipment (“PPE”) consisted of the following:

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024

BVVE
354,011
335,349

Land and buildings
63,888
5,039

Power plants
102,133
—

Machinery and Equipment
11,989
—

Leasehold improvements
14,538
59,449

Vehicles
1,544
1,754

548,103
401,591

Accumulated Depreciation
( 189,770 )
( 164,336 )

Carrying amount
358,333
237,255

Assets
not subject to depreciation

As of December 31, 2025, property, plant and equipment that are not yet placed into service amounted t o $ 12,169 and are not yet subject to depreciation.

March
2025 Miner exchange

In
March 2025, an exchange agreement (“March 2025 Swap Order”) was entered into to exchange Miners. The Company returned 4,160
Bitmain T21 Miners and purchased 3,660 Bitmain S21+ Miners. In consideration for the returned products, the Company received a credit
of $ 9,484 which was applied against the purchase price of $ 11,858 . In March 2025, the Company paid the net $ 2,374 in Bitcoin which can
be redeemed on a quarterly basis (i.e., 29 Bitcoin Pledged). Refer to Note 10 for more details. As of December 31, 2025, all Miners on
the March 2025 Swap Order were received.

Changes in the useful life, residual value
and depreciation method

During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company
initiated a strategic transition from Bitcoin Mining operations to HPC/AI. This change in operations caused management to evaluate estimated
useful lives of certain long-lived assets with a carrying value of $ 78,340 . This constitutes a change in accounting estimate under ASC
250-10-45-17. Management revised the useful lives and residual value of affected assets to align with the decommissioning dates, which
resulted in accelerated depreciation to ensure the carrying value is reduced to residual value by the end of each asset’s service
period. This change in estimate was applied prospectively effective November 1, 2025. As a result, the Company recognized additional depreciation
expense of $ 1,282 for the year ended December 31, 2025. The impact on basic and diluted loss per share was non-significant.

In addition, during the year end December 31,
2024, as part of the Company’s annual review of its estimates used to account for property, plant and equipment, the Company reassessed
the depreciation method, the useful life and the residual values of all BVVE and accordingly, revised their specific useful life, residual
value and depreciation methods. The Company modified the useful life of the Miners and Mining-related equipment from 5 to 3 years and
the depreciation method from sum-of-years to the straight-line method as this method better reflected the pattern of consumption. The
residual values of the Miners and Mining-related equipment remained nil . These modifications represent changes in accounting estimates
and were applied prospectively, starting December 1, 2024, resulting in an additional depreciation expense of $ 2,061 during the year ended
December 31, 2024. These changes in estimates result in a non-significant increase in basic and diluted loss per share.

F- 40

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 13: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET

Applicable to specific Miners - Changes in
the useful life, residual value and depreciation method

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
revised its planned use of certain older Miners as they are expected to be replaced by newer equipment. The older Miners continued to
be operated until replacement. As a result, the Company revised its accounting estimates for these assets, including reducing their remaining
useful lives from five years to two years , updating estimated residual values to reflect expected proceeds upon disposition, and changing
the depreciation method to straight-line to better reflect the pattern of consumption of economic benefits. These changes were accounted
for prospectively as a change in estimate and resulted in higher depreciation expense of $ 58,163 for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The Company determined that the carrying amounts of the older Miners remained recoverable and no impairment was recorded.

NOTE 14: LONG-TERM DEPOSITS, EQUIPMENT PREPAYMENTS
AND OTHER

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024

Miner purchase order deposits
—

34,791

Other BVVE and electrical components
18
2,738

Cash deposits on construction work and
materials*
20,146
2,530

Equipment and construction prepayments
20,164
40,059

Insurance prepaids, security deposits for energy and rent
9,199
4,513

Deferred transaction fees - undrawn tranche of the credit facility
1,670
—

31,033
44,572

* Deposits for construction work and materials mainly related
to the HPC/AI expansions.

Following the
sale of the Yguazu Bitcoin data center, the Company sold $ 18,321 of long-term deposits and equipment prepayments to HIVE. Refer to Note
11 for more details.

March 2024 Miner purchase
order deposits

During the first quarter of 2024,
the Company ordered 19,369 Bitmain T21 Miners, 3,975 Bitmain S21 Miners and 762 Bitmain S21 Hydro Miners (collectively defined as the
“March 2024 Purchase Order”) for $ 51,285 , $ 13,608 and $ 4,338 , respectively, with deliveries scheduled from April 2024 to November 2024.
In November 2024, the Company amended the March 2024 Purchase Order and upgraded 12,853 Bitmain T21 Miners to 12,853 S21 Pro Miners for
$ 22,654 . As of December 31, 2025, all Miners on the March 2024 Purchase Order were received and the equipment prepayment amount
was nil .

F- 41

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 15: REFUNDABLE DEPOSITS

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024

Refundable Hosting Deposits
—

14,216

Other
350
—

350
14,216

In September 2024 and in October
2024, the Company entered into two Miner hosting agreements (the “Panther Creek Hosting Agreement” and the “Scrubgrass
Hosting Agreement”) with Stronghold which commenced on October 1, 2024 and November 1, 2024, respectively. In connection with the
execution of these two Miner Hosting Agreements, the Company made two deposits of $ 7,800 each with Stronghold (the “Panther Creek
Refundable Deposit” and “Scrubgrass Refundable Deposit”, collectively, the “Refundable Hosting Deposits”).
The Refundable Hosting Deposits bear an annual interest rate at Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) + 1 % (the “Annual
Interest Rate”). The Annual Interest Rate is lower than the rate used in determining the fair value, resulting in the Panther Creek
Refundable Deposit and the Scrubgrass Refundable Deposit being recognized at a fair value of $ 7,125 and $ 7,542 , respectively, upon initial
recognition. Subsequently, the Refundable Deposits are recognized at amortized cost.

The Refundable Hosting Deposits were initially
planned to be repaid in full to the Company within one business day from the end of the initial term expiring on December 31, 2025. Following
the acquisition of Stronghold on March 14, 2025, the Panther Creek Hosting Agreement and Scrubgrass Hosting Agreement were terminated,
settling the Refundable Hosting Deposits. Refer to Note 22 for more details on the financial instrument details.

NOTE 16: ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED
EXPENSES

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024

Accounts payable
16,271
8,231

Accrued expenses
18,703
13,825

Government remittances payable
11,469
3,736

46,443
25,792

F- 42

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 17: LONG-TERM DEBT

The Company’s long-term debt is as follows:

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024

Building financing
1,704
1,576

Equipment financing
1,642
—

Credit Facility
104,857
—

Unamortized transaction costs - Credit Facility
( 10,049 )
—

Convertible Notes
589,565
—

Unamortized debt discount - Convertible Notes
( 18,250 )

Total long-term debt, net of transaction cost and debt discount
669,469
1,576

Current portion of long-term debt
( 97,022 )
( 146 )

Non-current portion of long-term debt
572,447
1,430

Movement in long-term debt is as follows:

As of
December 31,
As of
December 31,

2025
2024

Balance as of January 1,
1,576
4,022

Issuance of long-term debt
689,306
1,695

Addition from business combination
880
—

Repayments
( 1,930 )
( 4,435 )

Interest on long-term debt
7,841
294

Transaction costs and debt discount
( 31,447 )
—

Amortization of transaction costs and debt discount
3,148
—

Foreign exchange
95
—

Balance as of period end
669,469
1,576

Building financing

In March 2024, the Company sold its Garlock building
in Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada for $ 1,695 and immediately leased it back for 10 years. Since the lease agreement included a substantive
repurchase option of the building in the form of a call option, the Company has not transferred the control of the asset to the buyer,
and the transaction does not qualify as a sale. Accordingly, it is accounted for as a financing arrangement for the proceeds received
from the buyer, and the building continues to be recognized as property, plant and equipment of the Company.

F- 43

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 17: LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)

Credit Facility

In April 2025, the Company signed a credit facility
for up to $ 300,000 (the “Credit Facility”) with Macquarie.

Initial Tranche

An initial $ 50,000 was drawn (the ‘‘Initial Tranche’’),
bearing interest at 8 % per annum, with monthly payments and a term of two years . Interest for the first three months was paid in kind
and added to the loan. The payments shall be solely interest until the Initial Tranche maturity date, April 1, 2027, at which time the
principal debt of $ 50,000 and interest paid in kind will be payable in full. The effective interest rate of the Credit Facility as of
December 31, 2025 was 17.9 %. The agreement specified a minimum base return of 25 % and can be reduced to 9 % depending on when principal
payments are made (i.e., before end of term). In connection with the Initial Tranche, Macquarie received 5,330,946 equity warrants convertible
for common shares of the Company with an initial fair value of $ 2,900 . Refer to Note 20 for more details. The $ 50,000 proceeds from the
Initial Tranche were allocated to the equity warrants and debt based on relative fair value. Therefore, a discount on debt of $ 2,711 is
deducted from the carrying amount of the debt and is amortized over the term of the Initial Tranche.

Second Tranche

An additional $ 250,000 (“Second Tranche) was
made available to the Company as it achieves specific development milestones at the Panther Creek, Pennsylvania, United States location
and as it contributes $ 50,000 in kind or in cash to Macquarie as collateral.

Conversion of the Credit Facility

In October 2025, the Company converted the entirety
of the loan into a $ 300,000 project debt facility for the development of the Panther Creek property and secured at the project level with
a parent company guarantee. The Initial Tranche was rolled into the project debt facility and the facility is subject to new terms and
restrictions from those of the Initial Tranche. The Company drew an additional $ 50,000 from the converted facility, for a total of $ 100,000
drawn and issued an additional 2,197,127 equity warrants convertible for common shares of the Company with an initial fair value of $ 7,093 .
Refer to Note 20 for more details. The $ 50,000 proceeds from the Second Tranche were allocated to the equity warrants and debt based on
relative fair values. Therefore, a discount on debt of $ 5,899 is deducted from the carrying amount of the debt and is amortized over the
term of the Second tranche. The amendment also included a demand feature whereby the lender could demand repayment for a 60 -day period
beginning on February 1, 2026. The facility has therefore been classified as a current liability.

F- 44

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 17: LONG-TERM DEBT (Continued)

Credit Facility (Continued)

Transaction costs

Transaction costs of $ 3,900 relating to agent fees
and legal fees were capitalized and deducted from the carrying amount of the debt.

Covenants and restrictions

The Credit Facility includes various financial
and non-financial covenants for the Company and its subsidiaries including restrictions on dispositions, dividends, the incurrence
of debt and liens, material changes in the nature of the Company’s business activities, related party transactions and
investments. The Company is also required to maintain a restricted cash balance of at least $ 50,000 in a designated account. As of
January 31, 2026, the most recently completed calendar month prior to the extinguishment of the debt, the Company was in compliance
with the covenants of its Credit Facility. During February 2026, the Credit Facility was fully repaid and the cash balance of
$ 57,500 is no longer restricted. Refer to Note 28 for more details.

Convertible Senior Notes

In October 2025, the Company issued
$ 588,000 aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes (the “Convertible Notes”), which included the full exercise
of the purchasers’ option to purchase up to an additional $ 88,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes are
unsecured, bear interest at 1.375 % per annum, payable semi-annually and mature on January 15, 2031 , unless earlier converted, redeemed
or repurchased. The Company purchased capped calls to reduce the potential dilution to its common stock (or reduce the Company’s cash
payment obligation if the Convertible Notes are settled in cash) if the trading price of the Company’s common stock price exceeds the
conversion price of the Convertible Notes at the time of conversion. The capped calls are a legally separate derivative instrument which
is accounted for separately from the Convertible Notes. Refer to Notes 10 and 22 for more details.

Prior to October 15, 2030, the Convertible Notes
may be converted only upon the occurrence of certain events, including: (i) during specified periods when the market price of the Company’s
common shares exceeds 130 % of the applicable conversion price, (ii) during specified periods when the trading price of the Convertible
Notes is less than 98 % of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company’s common shares and the applicable conversion
rate, (iii) following a notice of redemption by the Company, or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after October
15, 2030 and until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert
their Convertible Notes at any time, regardless of these conditions.

Upon conversion, the Company may settle the obligation
in cash, common shares, or a combination of both, at its discretion. The initial conversion rate is 145.6876 common shares per $ 1 principal
amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $ 6.86 per share, representing a 30 % premium over the $ 5.28
reference price. The $ 5.28 reference price is the last reported sale price of the Company’s common share on Nasdaq on October 16, 2025.
The conversion rate is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments and, in certain circumstances, may be increased for conversions
in connection with a make-whole fundamental change or following a notice of redemption.

The Convertible Notes are not redeemable prior
to October 20, 2028, except upon the occurrence of certain changes in laws governing Canadian withholding taxes. On or after October 20,
2028, the Company may redeem the Convertible Notes, in whole or in part, for cash if the last reported sale price of its common shares
has been at least 130 % of the conversion price for at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during any 30 consecutive trading
day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption.
In the event of a fundamental change, holders may require the Company to repurchase their Convertible Notes for cash at 100 % of the principal
amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the repurchase date.

As at December 31, 2025, none of the conditions
permitting the holders of the Convertible Notes to convert their notes early or to require the Company to repurchase the Convertible Notes
for cash have been met. Accordingly, the Convertible Notes are classified as long-term debt.

Transaction costs of $ 18,937 relating to agent
fees and legal fees were capitalized and deducted from the carrying amount of the Convertible Notes. Net proceeds from the offering were
$ 569,063 .

F- 45

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 18: LEASES

The components of lease expense are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Finance lease expense

Amortization of ROU assets
829
1,170
1,381

Interest on lease obligations
93
88
217

Operating lease expense
4,202
2,925
2,162

Amortization of initial direct costs
278
139
—

5,402
4,322
3,760

Based on the nature of the ROU asset, amortization
of finance ROU assets, operating lease expense, short-term lease expense, and variable lease expense are recognized in either cost of
revenues or general and administrative expenses and interest on finance lease obligations is recognized in other income (expense) on
the consolidated statement of operations. Refer to Note 25 for more details.

Other information related to leases is as follows:

As of December 31,     As of December 31,
2025     2024
ROU assets
Operating lease ROU assets     11,103       21,299
Finance lease ROU assets     2,127       2,281
Total ROU assets     13,230       23,580

Current portion of lease liabilities
Operating lease liabilities     1,490       1,959
Finance lease liabilities     235       130
Long-term portion of lease liabilities
Operating lease liabilities     10,606       17,440
Finance lease liabilities     1,978       2,310
Total lease liabilities     14,309       21,839

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)
Operating lease     6 years       7 years
Finance lease     5 years       5 years

Weighted-average discount rate
Operating lease     9 %     9 %
Finance lease     7 %     8 %

F- 46

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 18: LEASES (Continued)

Cash flow information related to leases is as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:

Operating cash flows used in operating leases
3,336
2,456
2,284

Operating cash flows used in finance leases
114
131
283

Financing cash flows used in finance leases
820
1,079
2,458

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities:

Operating leases
3,276
8,960
986

Finance leases
603
968
567

Future minimum lease payments required under non-cancellable
leases as of December 31, 2025, were as follows:

Operating leases
Finance leases
Total

2026
2,728
631
3,359

2027
3,182
576
3,758

2028
3,274
495
3,769

2029
3,222
451
3,673

2030 and thereafter
12,131
1,206
13,337

Total minimum lease payments
24,537
3,359
27,896

Less: payments related to leases not yet commenced
( 7,848 )
—

( 7,848 )

Less: imputed interest
( 4,593 )
( 1,146 )
( 5,739 )

Total lease liabilities
12,096
2,213
14,309

F- 47

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 18: LEASES (Continued)

Sharon lease agreement

On August 27, 2024, the Company entered into an
agreement to lease a site in Sharon, Pennsylvania, United States, providing the Company immediate capacity of 12 MW of electricity and
potential for up to an additional 98 MW for a total 110 MW of development capacity by 2026.

Upon
signing the lease agreement, the Company issued common shares with a total value of $ 3,000 as a non-refundable deposit which was capitalized
as part of the ROU asset. The initial lease term is five years with options to renew for a total of seventeen  years along with an
option to purchase the site at fair market value through the lease term or upon a change of control, as defined therein. The lease has
variable minimum monthly payments increasing over the term of the lease from $ 33 to $ 138 , with annual adjustments beginning after the
third year . Prior to June 30, 2026, monthly lease payments can fluctuate based on the energized MW. On initial recognition, the Company
recognized $ 11,390 of ROU asset and $ 8,240 of lease liability with the difference of $ 3,000 recognized in share capital as explained
above and in Note 20.

In October 2025, the Company acquired the leased
property. Refer to Note 4 for more details.

Magog lease agreement

In November 2024, the Company agreed to terminate
its lease for the Bitcoin data center in Magog, Québec, Canada, and forfeit its fixed price purchase option in exchange for $ 714
(CAD$ 1,000 ) from the landlord. Concurrently, the Company signed a new lease with the same party with an initial term of 10 years with
monthly payments totaling $ 17 (CAD$ 24 ) which took effect on December 1, 2024 and maintain an option to purchase the site at fair market
value for the duration of the lease.

The new lease agreement is considered a lease modification
that resulted in the remeasurement of the lease liability by discounting the revised lease payments in addition with a corresponding
adjustment made to the ROU asset of $ 708 . The $ 714 payment from the landlord is considered a lease incentive which reduced the ROU asset
carrying amount.

F- 48

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 19: INCOME TAXES

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes
is composed of the following:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Loss before income taxes from continuing operations:

Canada
( 174,611 )
( 1,135 )
( 42,161 )

Foreign - United States
( 33,802 )
( 5,878 )
2,074

( 208,413 )
( 7,013 )
( 40,087 )

Current and deferred income tax (expense) recovery
from continuing operations is composed of the following:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Current tax expense (recovery):

Canada - Federal
59
21
216

Canada - Provincial
( 126 )
34
70

Foreign - United States
168
226
258

101
281
544

Deferred tax expense (recovery):

Canada - Federal
—

—

( 698 )

Foreign - United States
—

65
—

—

65
( 698 )

Total income tax expense (recovery)
101
346
( 154 )

The following table summarizes the amount of income
taxes paid (net of refunds received) from continuing operations:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Income taxes paid (net of refunds received):

Canada - Federal
9
61
—

Canada - Provincial
( 40 )
47
—

Foreign - United States
458
458
295

Total income taxes paid (received)
427
566
295

F- 49

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 19: INCOME
TAXES (Continued)

The following table reconciles the Canadian Federal
statutory tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Income tax recovery at federal statutory tax rate
( 31,262 )
15.0 %
( 1,052 )
15.0 %
( 6,013 )
15.0 %

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:

Provincial taxes*, net of federal effect
( 126 )
0.1 %
34
( 0.5 )%
( 1,946 )
4.9 %

Foreign tax effects - United States

Tax rate differential
( 2,028 )
1.0 %
( 353 )
5.0 %
124
( 0.3 )%

Change in valuation allowance
6,339
( 3.0 )%
490
( 7.0 )%
( 281 )
0.7 %

Other
940
( 0.5 )%
1,036
( 14.8 )%
56
( 0.1 )%

Non-taxable or non-deductible items

Stock based compensation
2,244
( 1.1 )%
1,888
( 26.9 )%
1,591
( 4.0 )%

Non-deductible loss on derivatives
4,792
( 2.3 )%
—

—
%
—

—
%

Prior year true-up non capital loss
( 2,232 )
1.1 %
—

—
%
—

—
%

Other
557
( 0.3 )%
( 304 )
4.3 %
663
( 1.7 )%

Change in valuation allowance
20,877
( 10.0 )%
( 1,393 )
19.9 %
5,652
( 14.1 )%

Other
—

—
%
—

—
%
—

—
%

Income tax expense (recovery)
101
—
%
346
( 5.0 )%
( 154 )
0.4 %

* The
Company is subject to Canadian federal income tax and Québec makes up the majority
(>50%) of the provincial taxes.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities

Deferred taxes are computed based on enacted tax
rates expected to apply at the time of realization. Deferred taxes relate primarily to temporary timing differences arising from the
recognition of expenses relating to the depreciation of fixed assets, loss carryforwards and professional fees relating to the Company’s
equity activity that are recognized as a reduction of equity.

As at December 31, 2025, the Company has analyzed
the recoverability of its deferred tax assets and has concluded that it is not more likely than not that sufficient taxable profit is
expected to utilize these deferred tax assets.

F- 50

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 19: INCOME
TAXES (Continued)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities (Continued)

The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities
arising from temporary differences are summarized below:

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024

Deferred tax assets:

Operating losses and interest limitation
111,611
52,724

Change in fair value of digital assets
8,998
—

Goodwill and intangibles
3,984
—

Stock-based compensation
2,852
—

Long-term debt
4,120
—

Financing fees
2,185
4,439

Investment in discontinued operations
18,252
9,038

Reserves and other
11,688
5,215

Total deferred tax assets
163,690
71,416

Less: valuation allowance
( 160,201 )
( 53,302 )

Net deferred tax assets
3,489
18,114

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property, plant and equipment
( 3,554 )
( 3,271 )

Change in fair value of digital assets
—

( 14,001 )

Reserves and other
—

( 907 )

Total deferred tax liabilities
( 3,554 )
( 18,179 )

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)
( 65 )
( 65 )

The following table summarizes
the Company’s valuation allowance movement:

As of December 31,
As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Balance as of January 1,
53,302
50,857
30,324

Charged to income tax (expense) recovery
47,850
5,956
10,567

Charged to equity
( 1,878 )
( 717 )
1,448

Investment in discontinued operations
9,214
519
8,518

Business combination
64,716
—

—

Deductions
( 4,197 )
( 3,313 )
—

Property, plant and equipment
( 8,806 )
—

—

Balance as of December 31,
160,201
53,302
50,857

F- 51

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 19: INCOME TAXES
(Continued)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities (Continued)

The Company’s loss carryforward
balances and expiration for continuing operations are summarized below:

2031+

Non-capital loss carryforward

Canada
215,980

Foreign - United States
206,013

421,993

The Company has not identified any uncertain tax positions requiring
a reserve as of December 31, 2025 and 2024.

NOTE 20: SHARE CAPITAL

Common shares

The Company’s authorized share
capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares without par value and are fully paid. Each share entitles the holder to one
vote per share and to receive equally any dividends declared by the Company and the remaining property and assets of the Company in the
event Bitfarms undergoes a liquidation, dissolution or winding up.

The following table details the movement in number
of common shares:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Outstanding, January 1,
479,332,885
334,153,330
224,200,170

Issuance through at-the market equity offering program
29,616,939
135,474,160
52,120,899

Issuance through business combination
59,866,609
—

—

Share buyback and cancellation
( 7,807,141 )
—

—

Exercise of Options
12,591,449
2,644,873
3,047,346

Settlement of share awards
1,543,320
—

—

Issuance of common shares related to right-of-use asset
—

1,532,745
—

Exercise of warrants
15,191,855
5,111,111
9,269,630

Settlement of restricted share units
2,744,083
416,666
250,002

2023 private placement
—

—

44,444,446

Issuance through acquisition of assets
8,500,000
—

820,837

Outstanding, December 31,
601,579,999
479,332,885
334,153,330

F- 52

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 20: SHARE CAPITAL
(Continued)

Common shares
(Continued)

At-The-Market Equity Offering Program (“ATM
Program”)

Bitfarms commenced an ATM Program on March 11,
2024 (the “2024 ATM Program”), pursuant to which the Company could, at its discretion and from time-to-time, sell common shares
of the Company, resulting in the Company receiving aggregate gross proceeds of up to $ 375,000 .

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the
Company issued 29,616,939 common shares in exchange for gross proceeds of $ 75,094 at an average share price of approximately $ 2.54 . The
Company received net proceeds of $ 72,747 after paying commissions of $ 2,253 to the sales agent and $ 94 in other transaction costs.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
issued 135,474,160 common shares in the 2024 ATM Program in exchange for gross proceeds of $ 299,905 at an average share price of approximately
$ 2.21 . The Company received net proceeds of $ 290,473 after paying commissions of $ 8,997 to the sales agent for the 2024 ATM Program and
$ 435 in other transaction costs. The Company capitalized $ 939 of professional fees and registration expenses in common shares to initiate
the 2024 ATM Program.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company
issued 52,120,899 common shares in its at-the-market equity offering program that commenced on August 16, 2021 (“the 2021 ATM Program”)
in exchange for gross proceeds of $ 70,770 at an average share price of approximately $ 1.36 . The Company received net proceeds of $ 68,504
after paying commissions of $ 2,187 to the sales agent for the 2021 ATM Program and $ 79 in other transaction costs.

F- 53

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 20: SHARE CAPITAL
(Continued)

Common shares (Continued)

Corporate Share Buyback Program

On July 22, 2025, the Company
announced that the TSX had approved a normal course issuer bid (“NCIB”), under which the Company may repurchase up to 49,943,031
of its common shares, representing approximately 10 % of the Company’s public float as of July 14, 2025.

Purchases under the NCIB commenced
on July 28, 2025, and will terminate no later than July 27, 2026. All common shares purchased on the TSX or Nasdaq under the NCIB will
be cancelled. The Company has entered into an automatic repurchase arrangement with a designated broker to facilitate repurchases under
the NCIB, including during pre-determined blackout periods. The timing and number of shares repurchased will be determined by Management
based on market conditions.

During the
year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased 7,807,141 common shares for cancellation through the Corporate Share Buyback
Program under the NCIB in exchange for $ 9,877 at an average share price of approximately $ 1.27 and paid $ 77 of commissions to the purchasing
agent.

Sharon Lease Agreement

On August 27, 2024, the Company entered into an
agreement to lease a site in Sharon, Pennsylvania, United States, and issued 1,532,745 common shares with a total value of $ 3,000 as
a non-refundable deposit.

2023 private placement

In November 2023, the Company completed a private
placement for total gross proceeds of $ 43,799 (CAD $ 60,001 ) in exchange for 44,444,446 common shares and 22,222,223 warrants and 3,000,000
broker warrants to purchase common shares.

Shareholder rights plan

On June 10, 2024, the Board approved
a shareholder rights plan (the “June 2024 Rights Plan”). On July 24, 2024, the Capital Markets Tribunal of the Ontario Securities
Commission issued an order to cease trading any securities issued, or that may be issued, in connection with or pursuant to the June
2024 Rights plan. Also on July 24, 2024, the Board approved the adoption of a new shareholder rights plan (the “July 2024 Rights
Plan”), pursuant to which one right (a “Right”) will be issued and attached to each common share outstanding as at
August 6, 2024 (the “Record Time”). A Right will also be attached to each common share issued after the Record Time. Subject
to the terms of the July 2024 Rights Plan, the Rights become exercisable if a person (the “Acquiring Person”), along with
certain related persons (including persons “acting jointly or in concert” as defined in the July 2024 Rights Plan), acquires
or announces its intention to acquire 20 % or more of the common shares without complying with the “Permitted Bid” provisions
of the July 2024 Rights Plan. Following a transaction that results in a person becoming an Acquiring Person, the Rights entitle the holder
thereof to purchase common shares at a significant discount to the market price. The July 2024 Rights Plan was subject to the acceptance
of the TSX and shareholder ratification within six months of its adoption. The TSX notified
the Company that the TSX would defer its consideration of the acceptance of the July 2024 Rights Plan until (a) such time as it was satisfied
that the appropriate securities commission will not intervene pursuant to National Policy 62-202 and (b) the July 2024 Rights Plan was
ratified by the shareholders of the Company by no later than January 24, 2025. A deferral of acceptance of the July 2024 Rights Plan
by the TSX did not affect the adoption or operation of the July 2024 Rights Plan. The Board recommended that shareholders of the Company
ratify the July 2024 Rights Plan, which was approved at the Company’s special meeting of shareholders on November 20, 2024.

F- 54

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 20: SHARE CAPITAL
(Continued)

Equity warrants

Details of the outstanding
number of warrants are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Number of
Warrants
Weighted Average Exercise
Price (USD)
Number of
Warrants
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price (USD)
Number of
Warrants
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price (USD)

Outstanding, January 1,
10,841,482
1.17
35,105,390
2.83
19,152,797
4.21

Granted
20,421,723
1.74
—

—

25,222,223
1.18

Exercised
( 17,355,910 )
1.20
( 5,111,111 )
1.17
( 9,269,630 )
1.18

Expired
—

—

( 19,152,797 )
4.21
—

—

Outstanding, December 31,
13,907,295
1.97
10,841,482
1.17
35,105,390
2.83

The
weighted average contractual life of the warrants as of December 31, 2025, was 2.2 years (December 31, 2024 and 2023: 1.9 years and 1.6
years, respectively).

In November 2023, the Company completed a private
placement that included 22,222,223 warrants and 3,000,000 broker warrants to purchase common shares (the “2023 Private Placement”).
The warrants and broker warrants are convertible for a fixed number of common shares of the Company which results in a classification
of the warrants and broker warrants as equity instruments.

In February 2024, 5,000,000 warrants and 111,111
broker warrants related to the 2023 Private Placement were exercised resulting in the issuance of 5,111,111 common shares for proceeds
of approximately $ 5,986 .

On March 11, 2024, 25,000 warrants relating to
the acquisition of the Garlock building in Sherbrooke, Québec, Canada issued during 2022 expired. These warrants were recognized
as equity instruments.

On March 14, 2025, the Company issued 12,893,650
warrants at an average exercise price of $ 1.30 as part of the consideration paid to acquire Stronghold. The total value was $ 11,477 using
the Black-Scholes valuation model. Refer to Note 3 for more details. The warrants are convertible into a fixed number of common shares
of the Company, which are classified as equity instruments.

In April 2025, in connection with the Credit Facility,
the Company granted Macquarie 5,330,946 warrants (the “2025 Warrants”) with an exercise price of $ 1.17 . The holder has the
right to exercise the warrants before 2030 to subscribe for and purchase common shares from the Company. These warrants are classified
as equity instruments.

In September 2025, 1,000,000 warrants and 111,111
broker warrants related to the 2023 private placement were exercised resulting in the issuance of 1,111,111 common shares for proceeds
of approximately $ 1,307 . In addition, 111,111 broker warrants were exercised on a cashless basis in exchange for 65,672 common shares.

F- 55

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 20: SHARE CAPITAL
(Continued)

Equity warrants (Continued)

In October 2025, in connection with the Credit
Facility with Macquarie (see Note 17 for more details), the Company granted Macquarie 2,197,127 warrants with a strike price of $ 5.69
and a term of 5 years. The holder has the right to exercise the warrants before 2030 to subscribe for and purchase common shares from
the Company. These warrants are classified as equity instruments.

In October 2025, a total of 10,802,742 warrants
related to the consideration paid to acquire Stronghold were exercised resulting in the issuance of 10,802,742 common shares for proceeds
of approximately $ 13,153 . In December 2025, a total of 5,330,946 warrants related to the Credit Facility were exercised on a cashless
basis, in exchange for 3,212,330 common shares.

The Black-Scholes option-pricing
model utilized the following weighted-average inputs to determine the fair values of the warrants granted during the year ended December
31, 2025:

Dividend yield (%)
—
%

Expected share price volatility (%)*
98 %

Risk-free interest rate (%)
4.03 %

Expected life of warrants (years)
5.60

Share price (CAD)
$ 1.88

Exercise price (USD)
$ 1.74

Fair value of warrants (USD)
$ 1.05

Number of warrants issued
20,421,723

* Expected share price volatility is estimated based on
a combination of the Company’s stock price and Bitcoin price data.

F- 56

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
21: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

Stock-based compensation
expense is recognized within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The stock-based compensation
expense related to (i) Options, RSUs , and (ii) PSUs
for employees, directors, consultants and former employees and share awards for a former executive of Stronghold were as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Options
8,102
10,045
10,012

RSUs
4,140
2,034
594

PSUs
969
—

—

Share awards
1,557
—

—

14,768
12,079
10,606

Long-Term Incentive Plan
(“2025 LTIP”)

The 2025 LTIP Plan was adopted
in July 2025 and provides the Company the ability to grant various share-based compensation such as, but not limited to, Options, RSUs
and PSUs. The 2025 LTIP is a 10 % rolling plan, permitting the issuance of up to 10 % of the Company’s outstanding shares in respect of
the awards granted.

Options

Under 2025 LTIP

During the year
ended December 31, 2025, the Board approved Options grants to purchase 1,822,500 common shares in accordance with the 2025 LTIP (for
the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: nil common shares). All Options issued according to the 2025 LTIP become exercisable
when they vest and can be exercised for a maximum period of 5 years from the date of the grant.

Under 2021 LTIP

During the year ended
December 31, 2025, the Board approved Options grants to purchase 2,536,227 common shares in accordance with the 2021 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (the “2021 LTIP “) adopted on May 18, 2021 (the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023:
9,010,000 and 13,156,250 common shares, respectively). All Options issued according to the 2021 LTIP become exercisable when they
vest and can be exercised for a maximum period of 5 years from the date of the grant. As part of the options granted during the year
ended December 31, 2025, the Company granted 302 Options to certain employees of Stronghold as part of the business combination
described in Note 3.

On March 31, 2023, upon the voluntary surrender
by Option holders, the Company cancelled outstanding Options exercisable for 10,535,000 common shares. The Company intended, but had
no obligation, to grant new Options no less than 90 days after the cancellation date of the original Options to the persons who formerly
held the cancelled Options. As the Options were cancelled without the concurrent grant of a replacement award, the cancellation was treated
as a settlement for no consideration, and all remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with the cancelled Options
was accelerated for an amount of $ 914 during the first quarter of 2023.

F- 57

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 21: STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION (Continued)

Options (Continued)

Details of the outstanding Options are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Number of Options
Weighted Average Exercise Price ($CAD)
Number of Options
Weighted Average Exercise Price ($CAD)
Number of Options
Weighted Average Exercise Price ($CAD)

Outstanding, January 1,
26,865,764
2.64
20,939,387
2.41
21,804,233
3.47

Granted
4,358,727
1.92
9,010,000
2.96
13,156,250
2.58

Exercised
( 12,591,449 )
2.36
( 2,644,873 )
1.50
( 3,047,346 )
0.85

Cancelled
—

—

—

—

( 10,633,750 )
5.15

Forfeited
( 565,625 )
2.30
( 142,500 )
2.97
—

—

Expired
( 1,370,752 )
2.70
( 296,250 )
5.90
( 340,000 )
5.47

Outstanding, December 31,
16,696,665
2.67
26,865,764
2.64
20,939,387
2.41

Exercisable, December 31,
9,687,377
1.58
9,515,764
1.58
11,112,519
2.01

Additional information on Options are as follows:

Year
ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Weighted-average
grant date fair value of Options granted
0.72 per share
1.12
per share
1.12
per share

Weighted-average
grant date fair values of Options vested
1.08 per share

1.03 per share

1.19 per share

Weighted-average
grant date fair value of non-vested Options
0.93 per share
1.19
per share
1.08 per share

Total
intrinsic values of the Options exercised
21,021
5,544
6,442

Total
fair value of Options vested
2,722
10,318
12,932

Year ended
December 31,

2025

Total intrinsic values of the Options outstanding
12,757

Total intrinsic values of the Options exercisable
9,156

As at
December 31,

2025

Weighted-average remaining contractual life of the outstanding Options
3.3 years

Weighted average remaining contractual life of the exercisable Options
3.1 years

Unrecognized compensation cost related to the non-vested Options
1,452

Remaining weighted-average vesting period
0.7 years

F- 58

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 21: STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION (Continued)

Options (Continued)

The weighted-average
inputs used to value the Options grants using the Black-Scholes model are as follows:

Year ended December 31,
2025     2024     2023
Dividend yield (%)     —
—
—

Expected share price volatility (%)*     78 %     82 %     96 %
Risk-free interest rate (%)     3.70 %     3.68 %     4.33 %
Expected life of Options (years)     3.0 years       3.0 years       3.0 years

* Expected share price volatility is estimated based on
a combination of the Company’s stock price and Bitcoin price data.

RSUs

Details of the RSUs are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Number of
RSUs
Weighted
Average
Grant Price
($CAD)
Number of
RSUs
Weighted
Average
Grant Price
($CAD)
Number of
RSUs
Weighted
Average
Grant Price
($CAD)

Outstanding, January 1,
897,666
3.61
624,998
4.05
400,000
3.73

Granted
6,767,857
1.57
706,000
3.27
475,000
3.83

Settled
( 2,744,083 )
2.25
( 416,666 )
3.64
( 250,002 )
3.13

Forfeited
( 73,865 )
1.45
( 16,666 )
5.01
—

—

Outstanding, December 31,
4,847,575
1.56
897,666
3.61
624,998
4.05

Under the 2025 LTIP

During the year
ended December 31, 2025, the Board approved the grant of 3,984,432 RSUs to certain members of Management which vest 1/3 annually
over three years.

Under the 2021 LTIP

During the year ended December 31,
2025, the Company granted 1,890,000 RSUs to certain employees and executive Management of Stronghold as part of the business combination
described in Note 3. 1,631,700 RSUs were fully vested upon grant and 258,300 RSUs vest approximately 17 % every 3 months. In addition,
the Company granted 893,425 RSUs to independent directors of the Board. These RSUs fully vest in 9 months. The fair value of the RSUs
is based on the Company’s share price at the date of grant.

During the year ended December 31,
2024, the Board approved the grant of 706,000 RSUs to certain members of senior Management. Of the 706,000 RSUs, 175,000 RSUs vest 50 %
approximately one month from the grant date and an additional 25 % every 6 months and 531,000 RSUs vest 33 % three months from the grant
date and an additional 33 % every six months .

During the year ended December
31, 2023, the Board approved the grant of 475,000 RSUs to certain members of senior Management and Directors which vest 25 % at the time
of grant and an additional 25 % every 6 months.

F- 59

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 21: STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION (Continued)

RSUs (Continued)

Additional information on RSUs are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Total fair value of RSUs vested
4,427
1,160
691

As at December 31,
2025
Unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested RSUs     2,908
Remaining weighted-average vesting period     1.8 years

PSUs

Details of the PSUs are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025

Number of
PSUs
Weighted
Average Grant
Price ($CAD)

Outstanding, January 1,
—

—

Granted
4,349,985
1.41

Cancelled
( 841,710 )
1.41

Outstanding, December 31,
3,508,275
1.41

During the year ended December 31,
2025, the Company granted 4,349,985 PSUs to senior executives as part of the 2025 LTIP, which will vest at the end of the three years .
PSUs entitle participants to receive a specified number of common shares of the Company, subject to the achievement of predetermined market
and service conditions over a defined vesting period.

PSUs vest in a single tranche at the end of the
performance cycle, contingent upon the attainment of certain corporate objectives. Upon vesting, each PSU converts into one
common share of the Company, subject to a multiplier based on the level of achievement. The actual number
of shares awarded may be 0 %, 50 %, 100 % or 200 % of the target award.

In October 2025, in connection with the former
Chief Financial Officer’s departure, the Company accelerated the vesting of certain unvested stock options and RSUs. Additionally,
841,710 outstanding PSUs were exchanged for 380,000 RSUs. The modification resulted in incremental stock-based compensation expense recognized
during the year ended December 31, 2025.

F- 60

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 21: STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION (Continued)

PSUs (Continued)

Additional information on PSUs are as follows:

Year ended December 31,
2025
Total fair value of PSUs vested     —

As at December 31,
2025
Unrecognized compensation cost related to the unvested PSUs     5,135
Remaining weighted-average vesting period     2.5 years

The fair value of PSUs is determined at the grant
date using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which incorporates the probability of achieving market-based performance conditions. The assumptions
used to value the PSUs grants using the Monte Carlo simulation model are as follows:

Year ended December 31,
2025
Dividend yield (%)     —
%
Expected share price volatility (%)     98 %
Risk-free interest rate (%)     3.85 %
Expected life of PSU (years)     3.0 years

Share awards

During the year ended December 31,
2025, following the Stronghold transaction, the Company entered into a stock award agreement as well as a consulting agreement with a
former executive of Stronghold and granted 1,543,320 share awards with a grant-date fair value of $ 1.11 per award. The share awards fully
vested in September 2025, subject to continued provision of services through this date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the share awards
can be accelerated and fully vested if certain conditions are met. In April 2025, the conditions were met and the share awards were settled.

F- 61

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
22: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

a. Measurement categories and fair value

The following table presents the fair values of
the Company’s financial instruments and their level within the fair value hierarchy:

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

Measurement
2025
2024

Financial assets at amortized cost

Cash
Level 1
573,462
59,542

Restricted cash
Level 1
57,500
—

Accounts receivable, net
Level 2
5,471
1,259

Other receivables
Level 2
1,405
1,177

Security deposits for energy
Level 2
5,157
7,740

Refundable Hosting Deposits
Level 2
—

14,216

Other refundable deposits
Level 3
350
—

Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss

Derivative assets
Level 2
7,487
3,418

Total fair value of financial assets

650,832
87,352

Financial liabilities at amortized cost

Accounts payable and accrued expenses
Level 2
34,974
22,056

Long-term debt*
Level 2
699,657
1,576

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss

Derivative liabilities
Level 2
2,922
128

Total fair value of financial liabilities

737,553
23,760

Net fair value

( 86,721 )
63,592

* The Credit Facility and the Convertible Notes are recognized
at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Their carrying amounts amounted to $ 94,808 and $ 571,315 , respectively, as
of December 31, 2025, whereas their fair values, which are based on discounted cash flows using a current borrowing rate, amounted
to $ 106,060 and $ 590,252 , respectively.

There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 or 3
of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

In addition to assets and liabilities that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company also measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring
basis. The Company’s long-lived assets, including intangible assets, operating lease right-of-use assets, and property, plant and
equipment, are measured at fair value when there is an indication of impairment and the carrying amount exceeds the asset’s projected
undiscounted cash flows. These assets are measured at fair value only when an impairment loss is recognized.

The carrying amounts of cash, restricted cash,
accounts receivable, net, other receivables, security deposits for energy, Refundable Hosting Deposits, other refundable deposits, receivable
from disposal of business and accounts payable and accrued expenses presented in the table above are a reasonable approximation of their
fair value due to their short-term maturity or they are valued using the income approach valuation technique.

F- 62

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 22: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(Continued)

a. Measurement categories and fair value
(Continued)

Derivatives assets and liabilities

The fair value of derivatives is categorized as
Level 2 as applicable, in the fair value hierarchy and is presented under derivative assets and liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets when there is an outstanding contract at period end. The derivatives are measured at fair values on a recurring basis.
Refer to Note 10 for more details.

i. Bitcoin option and selling contracts
(derivatives)

Fair value of derivative financial instruments
generally reflects the estimated amounts that the Company would receive or pay, taking into consideration the counterparty credit risk
or the Company’s credit risk at each reporting date. The Company uses market data such as Bitcoin option futures to estimate the fair
value of option contracts at each reporting date. Refer to Note 10 for more details.

ii. Bitcoin Redemption Options (embedded
derivatives)

The purchase order agreements explained in Note
10 provide the Company with the option to redeem the Bitcoin Pledged at a market price determined when the Bitcoin was first pledged (“Agreed
Bitcoin Price”).

The right to redeem the Bitcoin Pledged meets the definition of an
embedded derivative as the derivative that is embedded in the non-financial contract is not closely related to the economic characteristics
and risks of the host non-financial contract. The fair value of the embedded derivative is determined using a combination of the Monte
Carlo simulation model to simulate future Bitcoin prices based on probability factors and the Black-Scholes Model to estimate the value
of each Bitcoin Redemption Option.

At each reporting date, the fair value is determined
by multiplying the number of redeemable Bitcoin pledged by the present value of the difference between the Agreed Bitcoin Price and the
simulated spot price of Bitcoin while considering the likelihood of exercising the quarterly installments. Change in fair value is recognized
in Other expense.

iii. Capped call transactions (derivatives assets)

In October 2025, the Company entered into capped
call transactions in connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes. The fair value of the capped call transactions is determined using
an option pricing model that incorporates observable market inputs, including the Company’s share price, expected volatility, risk-free
interest rate, expected term and contractual terms of the instruments. As the valuation primarily incorporates observable inputs, the
fair value measurement is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The most significant input in the model is the Company’s
share price and expected volatility. Due to the decline in the share price from the inception date to December 31st, there was a loss
of $ 63,890 during the year ended December 31, 2025, presented within (loss) gain from derivative assets and liabilities in the statement
of operations.

F- 63

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 22: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(Continued)

a. Measurement categories and fair value
(Continued)

Refundable deposits

The refundable deposits are measured at amortized
cost using the effective interest rate (“EIR”) method and are classified as Level 2 according to the Company’s fair value
hierarchy. Their fair values are a recurring measurement. The valuation technique used is the income approach (discounted future cash
flows). Refer to Note 15 for more details.

i. Refundable Hosting Deposits

Prior to the Stronghold Transaction completed on
March 14, 2025, the Refundable Hosting Deposits were accounted for as financial assets and measured at fair value on initial recognition
based on the contractual right to receive the principal amount of each refundable hosting deposit plus interest at the end of the contractual
term.

The valuation technique used
is the income approach (discounted future cash flows) with an initial EIR higher than the SOFR + 1 % rate specified in the Hosting Agreements.
As a result, the Panther Creek Refundable Deposit and the Scrubgrass Refundable Deposit were initially recognized at a fair value of
$ 7,125 and $ 7,542 , respectively, which were lower than the $ 7,800 principal amount of each deposit. Upon initial recognition of the Refundable
Deposits, the difference between the fair value and principal of $ 675 and $ 258 , respectively, were recognized as a loss in Other expense
during the year ended December 31, 2024. The EIR applicable as of December 31, 2024 was 12 % and 9 %, respectively.

The total interest income
of $ 364 was recognized in Other expense during the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition, the Company recognized a total CECL of
$ 815 in Other expense. Refer to Note 15 for more details.

Following the acquisition
of Stronghold on March 14, 2025, the Panther Creek and the Scrubgrass Hosting Agreements were terminated, resulting in the settlement
of the Refundable Hosting Deposits.

ii. Security deposits for energy

The security deposits
for energy consumption is related to the operational Paso Pe and in-construction Yguazu Bitcoin data centers in Paraguay. The valuation
technique used was the income approach (discounted future cash flows) with an EIR of 6 % over an estimated term of 3 years.

Following the disposal of the Yguazu Bitcoin data
center on March 17, 2025 and the classification of the Paso Pe Bitcoin data center operation in Paraguay as assets “held for
sale”, the security deposits for energy were derecognized and amounted to nil as of December 31, 2025.

F- 64

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 22: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(Continued)

a. Measurement categories and fair value
(Continued)

Refundable deposits (Continued)

The following table details
the movement in the refundable deposits:

Panther Creek
Scrubgrass
Refundable Hosting Deposits
Security deposits for energy
Other
Total

Balance as of January 1, 2024
—

—

—

277
—

277

Additions
7,800
7,800
15,600
9,034
—

24,634

Initial loss on recognition
( 675 )
( 258 )
( 933 )
( 1,571 )
—

( 2,504 )

Fair value at initial recognition
7,125
7,542
14,667
7,740
—

22,407

Interest income
261
103
364
—

—

364

CECLs
( 409 )
( 406 )
( 815 )
—

—

( 815 )

Balance as of December 31, 2024 before reclassification to assets “held for sale”
6,977
7,239
14,216
7,740
—

21,956

Balance as of December 31, 2024 presented as non-current assets “held for sale”
—

—

—

( 7,740 )
—

( 7,740 )

Balance as of December 31, 2024
6,977
7,239
14,216
—

—

14,216

Addition from business combination
—

—

—

—

350
350

Interest Income
187
126
313
226
—

539

Gain on settlement
603
342
945
—

—

945

Derecognition
( 7,767 )
( 7,707 )
( 15,474 )
( 2,809 )
—

( 18,283 )

Balance as of December 31, 2025 before reclassification to assets “held for sale”
—

—

—

5,157
350
5,507

Balance as of December 31, 2025 presented as non-current assets “held for sale”
—

—

—

( 5,157 )
—

( 5,157 )

Balance as of December 31, 2025
—

—

—

—

350
350

b. Risk management policy

The Company is exposed to foreign currency risk,
credit risk, counterparty risk, liquidity risk and concentration risk. The Company’s senior Management monitors these risks.

Foreign currency risk

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair
value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company’s functional
currency is the USD as all of its cryptocurrency Mining revenues, most of its capital expenditures and most of its financing are primarily
measured or transacted in USD. The Company is exposed to variability in the CAD and ARS to USD exchange rates when making expenditures
payable in CAD and ARS. The Company funds foreign currency transactions by buying the foreign currencies at the spot rate when required.
A 5 % increase or decrease in the USD/CAD and USD/ARS exchange rates may have an impact of an increase or decrease of $ 1,095 on retained
earnings at December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: $ 15 ).

F- 65

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 22: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(Continued)

b. Risk management policy (Continued)

Amounts denominated in CAD and ARS included in
the consolidated balance sheets, presented in thousands of USD, are as follows:

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024

CAD
ARS
CAD
ARS

Cash
9,278
14,203
5,362
1,983

Accounts receivable, net
127
—

1,259
—

Accounts payable and accrued expenses
—

—

( 5,341 )
( 1,391 )

Long-term debt
( 1,704 )
—

( 1,576 )
—

7,701
14,203
( 296 )
592

Credit risk and counterparty risk

Credit risk is the risk of an unexpected loss if
a third party fails to meet its contractual obligations, including those related to cash and cash equivalents. The Company mitigates
credit risk related to cash by holding the majority of its cash with a Canadian chartered bank.

The Company is exposed to
counterparty risk primarily through the significant deposits placed with suppliers of Mining hardware to secure orders and delivery dates,
deposits made in relation with HPC/AI expansion plans, as well as deposits placed with construction companies and suppliers of electrical
components and construction materials. A failure by a supplier to meet its contractual obligations may result in delayed deliveries or
long-term deposits and equipment and construction prepayments that are not realized. The Company seeks to mitigate this risk by procuring
Mining hardware from larger and more established suppliers and by transacting with counterparties with whom the Company has established
relationships and knowledge of their reputation in the market as well as by insuring deposits placed for construction work and materials.

Credit risk related to accounts receivable arises from Stronghold energy
sales and sales to Volta’s third-party customers. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations
of its customers and maintains an allowance for expected credit losses to cover the estimated amount of receivables that may be uncollectible.
The allowance for expected credit losses is based on Management’s assessment of a customer’s credit quality as well as subjective factors
and trends, including the aging of receivable balances.

F- 66

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 22: FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

b. Risk management policy (Continued)

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is a risk that the Company will
not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company manages liquidity risk by monitoring its cash balances
and forecasted cash flows generated from operations to ensure that sufficient liquidity is maintained to meet projected financial liabilities.

The Company’s operations are
capital-intensive, and its liquidity is affected by a combination of factors, including the market price of Bitcoin, network
difficulty rates, energy costs, and the timing of capital expenditures related to the Company’s planned strategic transition
toward HPC infrastructure development. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had cash of $ 573,462 and Bitcoin of $ 180,285 . Management
has evaluated the Company’s liquidity position, including forecasted cash flows from Bitcoin Mining operations, anticipated expenditures associated with HPC infrastructure development, and contractual obligations due within 12 months from the date
the financial statements are issued.

Based on this evaluation, the Company believes
that existing cash and Bitcoin, expected cash inflows from Mining operations, and the Company’s ability to manage the timing of
expenditures will be sufficient to meet its obligations as they become due for at least the next twelve months. The Company will require
additional funds to complete expansion plans into HPC infrastructure development.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company is committed
to purchase $ 129,662 of property, plant and equipment in the next 12 months. Refer to Note 27 for more details.

The following table presents the future principal
capital payment of long-term debt and the future minimum lease payments required under non-cancellable leases as of December 31,
2025:

2026
2027
2028
2029
2030 +
Total

Long-term debt*
607
100,585
592
482
591,018
693,284

Lease liabilities
3,359
3,758
3,769
3,673
13,337
27,896

3,966
104,343
4,361
4,155
604,355
721,180

* The Credit Facility is due on demand and its undiscounted
contractual maturities were $1,658 as of December 31, 2025.

Concentration risk

Concentration
risk arises from exposures that are concentrated within the same category, such as geographical location, product typ e, industry
sector or counterparty type. The cryptocurrency Mining and hosting industry is highly volatile and subject to significant inherent risk.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company earned 88 % (2024: 95 % and 2023: 96 %) of its revenues from one Mining pool operator.
The Company has the ability to switch Mining Pools or to mine independently at any time. The Company also holds a portion of its working
capital in Bitcoin.

A significant decline in the market prices of cryptocurrencies,
an increase in the difficulty of cryptocurrency Mining, changes in the regulatory environment and adverse changes in other inherent risks
can significantly negatively impact the Company’s operations and the carrying value of its assets.

The Company
purchased Bitcoin option contracts that provide it with the right, but not the obligation, to sell digital assets at a fixed price. Option
contracts are used to mitigate the risk of Bitcoin price volatility and reduce the variability of cash flows associated with future sales
of digital assets. Refer to Note 10 for more details.

F- 67

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
23: LOSS PER SHARE

The following table presents the computation of
basic and diluted loss per share from continuing operations:

Year ended December 31,

From continuing operations:
2025
2024
2023

Numerator:

Loss from continuing operations
( 208,514 )
( 7,359 )
( 39,933 )

Effect of Convertible Notes
—

—

—

Numerator for diluted loss per share
( 208,514 )
( 7,359 )
( 39,933 )

Denominator:

Denominator for basic loss per share - weighted average shares outstanding
551,676,757
414,669,947
262,237,117

Dilutive impact of Convertible Notes
—

—

—

Denominator for diluted loss per share - weighted average shares outstanding
551,676,757
414,669,947
262,237,117

Loss from continuing operations per common share attributable to common shareholders:

Basic
( 0.38 )
( 0.02 )
( 0.15 )

Diluted
( 0.38 )
( 0.02 )
( 0.15 )

The following table presents
the computation of basic and diluted loss per share from discontinued operations:

Year ended December 31,

From discontinued operations
2025
2024
2023

Numerator:

Loss from discontinued operations
( 76,030 )
( 21,006 )
( 15,578 )

Effect of Convertible Notes
—

—

—

Numerator for diluted loss per share
( 76,030 )
( 21,006 )
( 15,578 )

Denominator:

Denominator for basis loss per share - weighted average shares outstanding
551,676,757

414,669,947
262,237,117

Dilutive impact of Convertible Notes
—

—

—

Denominator for diluted loss per share - weighted average shares outstanding
551,676,757
414,669,947
262,237,117

Loss from discontinued operations per common share attributable to common shareholders:

Basic
( 0.14 )
( 0.05 )
( 0.06 )

Diluted
( 0.14 )
( 0.05 )
( 0.06 )

F- 68

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 23: LOSS PER SHARE
(Continued)

Earnings per share

For the year ended December 31,
2025, 2024 and 2023 potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share due to their anti-dilutive
effect.

The following table presents additional potentially
dilutive securities that were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Options
8,995,839
6,046,226
3,864,150

Warrants
6,874,665
5,704,798
768,476

RSUs
4,776,810
859,942
331,735

PSUs
1,682,050
—

—

Share awards
486,252
—

—

Convertible note shares
16,663,468
—

—

39,479,084
12,610,966
4,964,361

F- 69

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
24: SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

Reportable segment

The Company has aggregated all of its Cryptocurrency
Mining operating segments into a single operating segment, which is the Company’s only reportable segment, Cryptocurrency Mining. The
CODM manages segment performance and resource allocation based upon net income (loss). The CODM uses consolidated net income (loss) to
evaluate the overall financial performance of the Company, to compare actual results against internal budgets and forecasts and to inform
capital allocation decisions, including the prioritization of investments across the Company’s Bitcoin Mining Operations. The measure
of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheets as total consolidated assets. Significant expenses reviewed by the CODM
include those that are presented in the consolidated statements of operations and the more detailed component disclosed in Note 25.

Revenues

Revenues by country are as follows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

North America

United States
116,386
16,500
11,466

Canada
112,890
116,774
108,934

Total
229,276
133,274
120,400

Revenues are presented based on the geographical
contribution of computational power used for hashing calculations (measured by hashrate) or sales to external customers.

Property, Plant and Equipment and other non-current
assets

The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment
and other non-current assets (excluding financial assets, intangible assets and deferred tax assets) by country is as follows:

As of December 31,
As of December 31,

2025
2024

PPE
Other
Total non-current assets
PPE
Other
Total non-current assets

North America

United States
292,196
26,865
319,061
63,147
14,535
77,682

Canada
66,125
17,362
83,487
117,025
52,819
169,844

Total
358,321
44,227
402,548
180,172
67,354
247,526

F- 70

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
25: ADDITIONAL DETAILS TO THE STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Disaggregated revenues

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Cryptocurrency Mining
206,209
128,172
115,340

Cryptocurrency Hosting
4,491
—

—

Electrical services
4,595
5,102
5,060

Energy sales
13,981
—

—

229,276
133,274
120,400

Cost of revenues

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Energy expenses
( 80,280 )
( 60,368 )
( 68,715 )

Sales tax recovery - energy
—

17,017
—

Depreciation and amortization
( 98,130 )
( 102,469 )
( 65,043 )

Sales tax recovery - depreciation and amortization
—

8,760
—

Hosting expenses
( 7,735 )
—

—

Infrastructure expenses
( 58,179 )
( 8,045 )
( 6,243 )

Electrical components and salaries
( 3,856 )
( 4,081 )
( 4,141 )

( 248,180 )
( 149,186 )
( 144,142 )

Inventories

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the
cost of electrical component inventory and waste, limestone and fuel oil recognized as an expense and included in cost of revenues was
$ 44,257 (years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: $ 3,392 and $ 3,320 , respectively).

Energy costs are net of RECs and WTCs

During the year ended December 31, 2025, RECs
amounted to $ 17,076 , and the WTCs amounted to $ 5,687 , (years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: RECs and WTCs were nil ), all of which
offset energy expenses in the cost of revenues.

F- 71

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 25: ADDITIONAL
DETAILS TO THE STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)

Cost of revenues (Continued)

Customs duties

During the year ended December 31, 2025, infrastructure
expenses included $ 9,244 of customs duties in connection with the importation of Miners in 2021 (years ended December 31, 2024 and
2023: nil ).

In 2021, the Company imported Miners into Washington
state, United States, that the vendor located in China claimed originated in Malaysia. In early 2022, U.S. Customs and Border Protection
(“CBP”) challenged the origination of the Miners, asserting that the Miners were manufactured in China, and notified the Company
of a potential assessment of a U.S. importation duty of 25 %.

During the third quarter of 2023 and the first
quarter of 2025, the Company submitted supporting documentation to CBP in defense of its position that the Miners were manufactured outside
China and the associated custom duties in the amount of $ 9,424 do not apply. In 2024, the Company paid $ 180 of the custom duties resulting
in an amount of $ 9,244 related to the potential assessment.

In August 2025, the Company received a response
letter from the CBP indicating that customs duties are required under the circumstances. During the year ended December 31, 2025,
the Company paid $ 11,882 to the CBP with a corresponding expense of $ 9,244 recognized as costs of revenues relating to the customs duties
and $ 2,658 recognized as other expense (income) relating to interest and penalties.

Canadian sales tax recovery

In April 2024, the Company received confirmation
from the provincial tax authorities that Canadian sales taxes paid from February 5, 2022 onwards are refundable. Between February 5, 2022,
the date on which the new cryptocurrency sales tax legislation came into effect, and April 2024, the Company filed monthly sales tax refund
claims totaling approximately $ 24,400 (CAD$ 33,000 ) that were not paid to the Company, pending the finalization of the legislation. The
refund relates to sales taxes incurred on various expenditures including, but not limited to, electricity costs, cost of property, plant
and equipment, professional services, etc.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
recognized sales tax recoveries of $ 22,200 related to prior years (2022 and 2023) and $ 2,200 related to the period from January to April
2024. The amounts were presented as direct adjustments to the related expenses and asset categories. During the year ended December 31,
2024, the full $ 24,400 of sales tax claims were refunded by the Canadian tax authorities.

In addition to previously not receiving its Canadian
sales tax refund claims, the Company was self-assessing sales taxes payable when appropriate. During the year ended December 31, 2024,
the Company reversed $ 9,560 of government remittances previously included in PPE and accrued in accounts payable and accrued expenses,
as disclosed in Note 16. Of this amount, $ 5,360 was recognized as a decrease to cost of revenues, $520 was recognized as a decrease to
general and administrative expense and $ 3,680 was recognized as a decrease to PPE.

F- 72

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 25: ADDITIONAL
DETAILS TO THE STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)

General and administrative expenses

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Salaries and wages
( 28,234 )
( 20,243 )
( 11,370 )

Stock-based compensation
( 14,768 )
( 12,079 )
( 10,606 )

Professional services
( 20,624 )
( 22,874 )
( 6,238 )

Sales tax recovery - professional services
—

1,389
—

Insurance, duties and other
( 10,261 )
( 6,601 )
( 4,020 )

Travel, motor vehicle and meals
( 2,165 )
( 1,252 )
( 812 )

Telecom hosting and telecommunications
( 542 )
( 303 )
( 365 )

Advertising and promotion
( 1,745 )
( 697 )
( 456 )

Sales tax recovery - other general and administrative expenses
—

735
—

( 78,339 )
( 61,925 )
( 33,867 )

Other expense

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Gain on derecognition of warrants
—

62
—

Gain on settlement of Refundable Hosting Deposits
945
—

—

Loss on initial recognition of refundable deposits
—

( 933 )
—

Amortization of transaction costs and debt discount
( 3,148 )
—

—

Gain (loss) on exchange rates
( 422 )
( 896 )
( 590 )

Other financial expenses
( 3,438 )
( 343 )
( 938 )

( 6,063 )
( 2,110 )
( 1,528 )

Gain on
extinguishment of long-term debt

In February 2022, Backbone Mining entered into
an equipment financing agreement for gross proceeds of $ 32,000 collateralized by 6,100 Bitmain S19j Pro Miners referred to as the “BlockFi
Loan”. The net proceeds received by the Company were $ 30,994 after capitalizing origination, closing and other transaction fees
of $ 1,006 . In December 2022, Backbone Mining ceased making installment payments, which constituted a default under the loan agreement,
and the BlockFi Loan was classified as current.

In February 2023, the Company entered into a settlement
agreement with BlockFi pursuant to which an outstanding equipment financing obligation with a carrying amount of $ 20,330 was settled for
cash consideration of $ 7,750 . As a result, the Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of long-term debt of $ 12,580 recognized in
Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2023. Upon settlement,
all assets previously pledged as collateral were released.

F- 73

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 26:
ADDITIONAL DETAILS TO THE STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Changes in non-cash working capital components:

Increase in accounts receivable, net
( 1,503 )
( 545 )
( 13 )

Decrease in other current assets
9,988
2,342
1,104

Increase in inventories
( 4,985 )
( 475 )
( 117 )

Decrease (increase) in deposits
( 19 )
5,467
420

Decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses
( 2,048 )
( 15,827 )
( 533 )

Increase in operating lease liabilities
813
1,737
1,708

Decrease in taxes payable
( 406 )
( 178 )
156

Decrease in other non-current liabilities
( 729 )
—

—

1,111
( 7,479 )
2,725

Significant non-cash transactions:

Issuance of common shares, warrants and RSUs in connection with the acquisition of Stronghold
78,161
—

Issuance of warrants in connection with debt issuance
8,610
—

—

Equipment prepayments realized as additions to PPE
41,045
32,433
7,372

Addition of ROU assets and related lease liabilities
3,879
9,928
1,553

Purchase of PPE financed by short-term credit
6,402
8,113
1,365

Issuance of common shares in connection with acquisitions of assets
33,745
—

1,354

Issuance of common shares in connection with acquisition of lease
—

3,000
—

Computational power revenue and its related service expense
3,516
1,023
—

Depreciation and amortization*

Property, plant and equipment, net
120,929
133,428
82,566

Finance lease right-of-use assets
990
1,363
1,609

Intangible assets, net
711
633
148

122,630
135,424
84,323

* Depreciation and amortization expenses are part of the
non-cash adjustments in the cash flow statement, and these amounts also include figures from discontinued operations. See Note 11 for
more details.

The following table provides a reconciliation of
cash and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated
statements of cash flows:

Year ended December 31,

2025
2024
2023

Cash
573,462
59,542
84,038

Restricted cash
57,500
—

—

Total cash and restricted cash
630,962
59,542
84,038

Amounts included in restricted cash represent amounts
pledged as collateral for long-term financing arrangements as contractually required by a lender.

F- 74

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 27: COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES

Contingent Liability

As
the Company continues to periodically import products into the United States, it is subject to review by the CBP regarding the classification
and origin of such imports. Refer to Note 25 for more details regarding the Company’s Miners imported in 2021. There were no Miners imported
into the United States in 2022 or 2023; and for 2024 and 2025, the Company has not received any assessment or communication of a potential
assessment.

Furthermore,
the Company took several steps to ensure compliance with CBP rules and regulations by sourcing non-Chinese origin equipment including,
but not limited to, the specifications of which non-Chinese production facilities could be supplied under our purchase agreements with
Bitmain Development PTE. Ltd., in person factory inspections by the Company’s employees to verify production, and the collection of various
importation documents that confer non-Chinese origin. While the Company has addressed certain concerns related to previous importations,
additional assessments may be made by the CBP in connection with other importations.

The
Company imported 34,179 Miners in the United States during 2025 (2024: 9,399 ) and had delivered asset values of $ 130,698 (2024: $ 25,782 ).
Importation tariffs from China fluctuated between 22.4 % and 150.5 % in 2025 (2024: 22.4 %). Any assessments made on previous importations
by the CBP could also include penalties and interest.

Subsequent
to period end, the U.S. Supreme Court IEEPA Tariff Ruling determined that certain tariffs previously imposed under the International
Emergency Economic Powers Act were not lawful. Based on currently available guidance, the tariff rate for imports of Chinese origin is
expected to be approximately 27.6 %. However, the timing, scope, and implementation of such changes remain subject to regulatory interpretation
and potential further governmental action.

At
this time, while the Company believes it has taken the appropriate steps to reduce the risk of potential exposure, the Company is unable
to predict the outcome of any future assessments or to reasonably estimate the amount, if any, that may be payable in connection with
these matters. The facts surrounding each importation may vary and the Company reserves the right and may challenge any assessments.

F- 75

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE 27: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

Lawsuits

Class Action Lawsuit

On May 9, 2025, and as amended on October 21, 2025,
a purported shareholder filed a putative class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York,
in a case now titled In re: Bitfarms Securities Litigation, case no 1:25-cv-02630. Co-Lead Plaintiffs Zhao Jun, Gong Lanfang, Michael
Pearl, Kazim Khan, and Michael Lawarre sued Bitfarms Ltd., Benjamin Gagnon, Jeffrey Lucas and Geoffrey Morphy alleging violations of
Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5, promulgated thereunder. The lawsuit alleges that the
Company, its current CEO, its former CFO and its former CEO made materially false and/or misleading statements regarding the Company’s
business, operations and internal controls over financial reporting. The Plaintiff seeks class certification, unspecified damages plus
interest and attorney and expert witness fees and other costs on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons and entities (subject
to specified exceptions) that purchased or otherwise acquired Company common stock from March 21, 2023 and December 9, 2024. The lawsuit
was filed by Pomerantz Law Firm. The Company cannot predict the duration or outcome of this lawsuit at this time. As a result, the Company
is unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of reasonably possible loss arising from this lawsuit and no provision was
recognized as of December 31, 2025. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself in this matter.

Commitments

The Company is committed to purchase the following
property, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2025:

2026

Land
4,935

HPC infrastructure projects in Washington state, United States
124,727

129,662

Agreements to purchase land

In August 2025, the Company entered into agreements
to purchase 3 acres of land in Washington State, United States and 181 acres of land in Pennsylvania, United States for $ 1,898 and $ 3,500 ,
respectively.

Commitment for HPC Data Center Projects

In November 2025, the Company entered into a purchase
commitment of $ 128,742 , payable over the next 12 months, for the development and expansion of HPC data center projects with a large publicly
traded American multinational provider of critical infrastructure and services for data centers. Under the terms of the agreement, the
provider is contracted to deliver a range of services that include engineering, project management assistance, procurement and manufacturing,
site management support and factory acceptance testing, all contributing, in addition to other expenses, to the construction of a fully
integrated 18 MW hybrid-built data center in Washington state, United States.

F- 76

BITFARMS LTD.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars, except data relating to number of PPE, shares, warrants, options and digital assets - audited)

NOTE
28: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Management has evaluated subsequent events from
January 1, 2026 to March 31, 2026.

Full repayment of the Credit Facility with Macquarie

On February 6, 2026, the Company reimbursed the
Credit Facility with Macquarie in full for a total of $ 116,855 .

Blockfills
Bankruptcy

On March
16, 2026, Reliz Ltd., the operating entity of BlockFills, a Chicago-based cryptocurrency brokerage, trading platform, and liquidity provider,
filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 restructuring proceedings of the United States Bankruptcy Code.

As of March
16, 2026, the Company had a net exposure of $ 4,200 with BlockFills in connection with its Bitcoin option and selling contracts.

Redomiciliation

On February 6, 2026, Bitfarms announced that its
board of directors (the “Board”) approved a plan of arrangement (the “Arrangement”) under which Bitfarms will
redomicile from Canada to the United States (the “U.S. Redomiciliation”), subject to receipt of shareholder, stock exchange
and court approvals. Upon completion of the U.S. Redomiciliation, the ultimate parent company of Bitfarms will be a new corporation formed
under the laws of the State of Delaware that will operate under the name Keel Infrastructure Corp. (“Keel Infrastructure”).
To effect the U.S. Redomiciliation, each outstanding common share of Bitfarms (a “Common Share”) will be exchanged for one
share of common stock of Keel Infrastructure (“Keel Common Stock”), pursuant to the Arrangement. Following completion of the
U.S. Redomiciliation, Bitfarms will become an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Keel Infrastructure, which together with Bitfarms and
its other subsidiaries will carry on the business currently conducted by Bitfarms and its subsidiaries.

The Arrangement was approved by Bitfarms’ shareholders at a special meeting held on March 20, 2026. The
Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Commercial List) issued its final order approving the Arrangement on March 24, 2026.

F- 77

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

Our Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in
the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management, under the supervision of and with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2025. Based upon such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2025,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives are met. Due to inherent limitations in all such
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company have been detected. Accordingly,
our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure
control system are met.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting:

Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (“ICFR”) for the Company as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). All internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Management, under the supervision of and with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2025 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.

The effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their report which appears in item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

In March 2025, we acquired Stronghold in the Stronghold
merger. Under SEC staff guidance and in accordance with National Instrument 52-109 Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual
and Interim Filings, in the Company’s assessment of the scope of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting, the Company has excluded the controls, policies and procedures of Stronghold from the assessment of internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2025.

Management has excluded Stronghold Digital Mining,
Inc. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, because it was acquired by us in a purchase
business combination during 2025. Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded
from management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting represent 12.2% and 27.0%, respectively, of
the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025.

82

Remediation of Previously Reported
Material Weakness

Management had previously concluded that the control
over accounting for complex transactions, such as the classification of financial instruments and certain cash flow items, did not operate
effectively in certain instances, which constituted a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2024. Management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 was not effective because of the
material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

In response to the identified material weakness,
remediation efforts comprised expanding the finance team to include more Chartered Professional Accountants and Certified Public Accountants
with technical expertise and experience in evaluating more complex transactions, involving our legal counsel on evaluating complex agreements
involving financial instruments and engaging third-party consultants to assist with assessing the accounting for complex transactions
and review of financial statements. Management has concluded that the weakness did not result in any misstatements or adjustments in the
Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 nor for any unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements for any of the reporting periods therein. Remediation measures were completed and, based on the results of testing
performed over the remediated controls, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December
31, 2025.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting

Other than the remediation of the material
weakness mentioned above, and the controls related to the adoption of U.S. GAAP, we have not identified any changes in our internal
control over financial reporting in connection with our evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act
that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.

During
the three months ended December 31, 2025, no director or executive officer of the Company adopted , modified or terminated a “Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K.

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not
applicable.

83

PART
III

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following table sets forth information on our executive officers and directors as of the filing of this Annual Report. All executive
officers serve at the discretion of the Board. The term of office of each of our directors expires at our next Annual Meeting
of Shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

Name

Age

Title

Director
since

Officer
since

Benjamin Gagnon

37

Chief Executive Officer and Director

2024

2021

Jonathan Mir

54

Chief Financial Officer

N/A

2025

Liam Wilson

40

Chief Operating Officer

N/A

2024

Rachel Silverstein

42

General Counsel, Global

N/A

2024

Edith Hofmeister

60

Independent Director and
Chair of the Board

2022

N/A

Brian Howlett

66

Independent Director

2020

N/A

Fanny Philip

38

Independent Director

2024

N/A

Amy Freedman

53

Independent Director

2024

N/A

Andrew J. Chang

43

Independent Director

2024

N/A

Wayne Duso

63

Independent Director

2025

N/A

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships between our executive officers and members of our Board.

Business
Experience of Directors and Executive Officers

Benjamin
Gagnon, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Ben
Gagnon is Chief Executive Officer and Director of Bitfarms Ltd. Ben’s career began in 2015, focused on power, land acquisition,
and data center development for Bitcoin mining in South East Asia. Long before AI infrastructure became a global investment thesis, Ben
was doing the foundational work: originating power contracts, navigating grid interconnection, developing industrial sites, and deploying
energy-intensive compute systems at scale. Before Bitfarms, Ben co-founded and led two computer infrastructure ventures, serving as CEO,
CTO, and chief architect of full-stack operations across power, land, and technology. Mr. Gagnon started his career at Bitfarms
Canada as Director of Business Development in 2019 and was promoted to the Director of Mining Operations in 2020 and Chief Mining Officer
in 2021. Mr. Gagnon is a proven strategy and people focused executive in the Bitcoin Mining space. At Bitfarms, he has overseen the development
and execution of the Bitfarms Canada’s growth strategy, which has driven organic growth, captured market share in Bitcoin Mining
and diversified and strengthened the Bitfarms Canada’s energy assets. Mr. Gagnon brings in a deep familiarity with all aspects
of operations at Bitfarms, having worked intimately with every department, as well as extensive leadership experience from previous executive
roles with cryptocurrency Mining companies. His successful track record overseeing the growth of Bitfarms’ Mining operations and integration
of new technologies amidst a rapidly evolving landscape has been critical to Bitfarms’ value creation strategy, which includes diversification
into synergistic new areas like energy generation, heat recycling, energy trading and HPC (high performance computing) for artificial
intelligence, as well as execution of strategies related to the 2028 halving event. Prior to joining Bitfarms Canada, Mr. Gagnon founded
and operated two Bitcoin Mining companies, holding roles as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Mining Officer and Chief Technology Officer.

Mr.
Gagnon earned his M.Sc. in Internet Computing from Hong Kong University and has a B.Sc. in Economic Consulting and International Business
from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University. In addition, Mr. Gagnon currently serves as co-chair of the Canadian Bitcoin
Consortium’s Infrastructure Committee (formerly Mining Committee) and is a lead analyst for the Bitcoin Mining Council.

84

Jonathan
Mir, Chief Financial Officer

Jonathan
Mir is the Chief Financial Officer of Bitfarms, responsible for financial strategy, capital allocation, and growth initiatives. With
over 25 years of experience advising boards, companies, and leading investors in the power, energy and infrastructure sectors, he has
a proven track record in corporate finance, M&A, strategy, and risk management.

Before
joining Bitfarms, Mr. Mir was a Managing Director in Bank of America’s Natural Resources and Energy Transition Group from 2020,
focusing particularly on matters in corporate finance and advising infrastructure funds from 2021 to 2024. Prior to Bank of America,
Mr. Mir was at Lazard, where he served as Head of North American Power, Energy & Infrastructure until 2019.

Jonathan
holds an M.B.A. from Columbia University and a B.A. from Lehigh University. He serves on the Board of Trustees of The Cooke School and
Institute and was a founding parent of Manhattan STAR Academy, supporting education for neurodivergent students.

Liam
Wilson, Chief Operating Officer

Liam
Wilson is an operations executive with over 20 years of leadership and operational management experience. As Chief Operating Officer
at Bitfarms, he oversees our business initiatives and daily operations. With deep expertise in the energy sector, he has successfully
executed transactions totaling more than 900 MW of power across key U.S. markets, driving the development and operation of high-performance
teams and facilities.

Before
joining Bitfarms, Mr. Wilson served as Chief Operating Officer at Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. from 2019-2023, where he led all global
business activities focusing on the U.S. and PJM in particular. Liam has also held senior management roles at EVT Hospitality and Entertainment
and The Whitehouse Group.

Rachel
Silverstein, General Counsel, Global

Rachel Silverstein serves as Bitfarms’ Global
General Counsel, leading the Company’s legal function and serving as a key strategic advisor to the Board of Directors and executive leadership
team. In this capacity, Ms. Silverstein is responsible for developing and executing the Company’s enterprise-wide legal strategy and overseeing
all legal affairs across Bitfarms’ multi-jurisdictional operations in the United States, Canada, and South America. She provides counsel
on complex mergers and acquisitions, capital markets transactions, high-value commercial agreements, and transformative energy infrastructure
and data center development deals. With over 17 years of experience as a practicing attorney, Ms. Silverstein advises the Board and senior
management on SEC and Nasdaq compliance, corporate governance, securities law matters, risk management and mitigation, and strategic corporate
transactions. She also manages the Company’s relationships with outside counsel and is responsible for building and strengthening Bitfarms’
internal legal capabilities to support the Company’s continued growth as a leading publicly traded enterprise.

Prior to Bitfarms, Rachel co-founded a boutique
law firm specializing in data center development and energy infrastructure transactions, leading transactions totaling more than a gigawatt
across multiple states and countries. Before that, Rachel served as General Counsel at CleanSpark, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company, from
2020 to 2023, where she oversaw public company compliance, corporate governance, SEC reporting, and enterprise risk management. Earlier
in her career, she served as Corporate Counsel at Zappos and was a litigator at several multi-national law firms, among other roles.

Rachel earned a bachelor’s degree from The George
Washington University and a juris doctorate degree from William S. Boyd School of Law, University of Nevada-Las Vegas.

Edith Hofmeister, Independent Director

Edith Hofmeister is an independent director, the Chair of our Board and a member of the Audit Committee. Ms. Hofmeister brings over two
decades of expertise in legal affairs, corporate governance, sustainable finance and business strategy. As an American business
leader, she successfully guided multinational companies through large-scale infrastructure development, public and private
offerings, NYSE and Nasdaq listings, intricate debt financings, joint ventures, complex litigation and multi-billion-dollar
acquisitions. Drawing on her deep understanding of U.S. corporate and securities law, she played a pivotal role in shaping
governance practices and risk management aligned with American standards. From 2010 to 2019 she served as EVP Corporate Affairs and
General Counsel for Tahoe Resources Inc. where, as its first employee, she helped build the company from a start-up to a mid-cap
precious metals producer with operations throughout the Americas. In this role, she helped lead capital raises and infrastructure
projects, including EPCM contract oversight and mine construction. Ms. Hofmeister joined Bitfarms’ Board in
November 2022. She was a best Canadian General Counsel finalist in the category of ESG and led Tahoe’s achievement of best
governance award (for a mid-cap Mining company) by the Canadian Society of Corporate Secretaries. Ms. Hofmeister served as the Chair
of the International Bar Association’s Business and Human Rights Committee, a group dedicated to promoting high ESG standards
in multi-national corporations. Ms. Hofmeister received a Bachelor of Arts degree in international relations from UCLA, a Master of
Arts degree in international peace studies from the University of Notre Dame and a Juris Doctor degree from the University of San
Francisco.

85

Brian
Howlett, Independent Director

Brian
Howlett is an independent director, the Chair of the Governance, Nomination, Safety, Sustainability and Technical Committee and a member
of the Audit Committee. Mr. Howlett is a seasoned public company senior executive with more than thirty-five years of experience in operational
and financial leadership. His extensive service as senior officer and director of public companies equips him with valuable insights
to oversee our operations. As a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA), he also contributes to our Board’s oversight of financial
reporting, internal controls and risk management. Mr. Howlett also serves on the board of one junior mining company and has formerly
served as C-Suite Executive and board member in several publicly listed companies, including Dundee Sustainable Technologies Inc. and
Nighthawk Gold Corp., among others. Mr. Howlett graduated in 1982 with a B. Comm. in Finance from Concordia University and received his
CMA designation in 1989 which became a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation in 2022.

Fanny
Philip, Independent Director

Fanny
Philip is an independent director, the Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Governance, Nomination, Safety, Sustainability
and Technical Committee and the Compensation Committee. Ms. Philip is a CPA auditor and recognized leader in Digital Assets, Energy and
Infrastructure ecosystem since 2019, and contributes to our Board her deep expertise in finance, public accounting, audit, and strategic
mergers and acquisitions. Her extensive knowledge of the North American and European energy sectors, Mining and AI provide valuable perspectives
to our Board’s oversight of our expansion strategies. She is the founder and president of MTI Conseils Inc., an accounting firm
that provides outsourced accounting, advisory services and Chief Financial Officer services. Ms. Philip brings over 10 years of assurance
and accounting expertise mainly in audit and public issues. Formerly, she was the Chief Operating Officer of SATO Technologies Corp.
(TSXV: SATO, OTCQB: CCPU.F) and the Chief Financial Officer and VP Finance of Canada Computational Unlimited Inc. As a former C-Suite
Executive at a publicly traded company and recognized leader, she engages extensively in education and industry representation, advocating
for regulatory changes and fostering a deeper understanding of the sector’s complexities among stakeholders, especially on reporting
and financial matters. Since 2022 she has been a member of the Infrastructure Committee (formerly Mining Committee) of the Canadian Bitcoin
Consortium (formerly Canadian Blockchain Consortium) and the President of its Québec Chapter. She was rewarded as one of the “Most
Inspirational Women in Web3 & AI” (2024) by Forbes Web3, 100 Davos Women and World Leaders in Data and AI. She currently serves
as General Director at SOVIAGO, where she oversees financial reporting and compliance, and she has been instrumental in various strategic
acquisitions and in securing various public funding mainly from the European Regional Development Fund. Ms. Philip graduated in 2010
with a Trilingual Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A) (English, Spanish and French) and in 2013 with a Specialized Graduate Diploma
(DESS) in public accounting – CA, both from HEC Montréal. She received her Chartered Accountant designation in 2014 which
became a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) auditor designation in 2022.

Amy
Freedman, Independent Director

Amy
Freedman is an independent director and Chair of the Compensation Committee. Amy Freedman is a corporate governance and public capital
markets expert with over 25 years of experience. Ms. Freedman is currently a Partner and Head of Canada at Longacre Square Partners,
a leading North American strategic advisor in matters of shareholder activism, crisis communications and corporate governance. Prior
to joining Longacre, Ms. Freedman was a Partner and Head of Engagement Fund Investing at Ewing Morris. Previously, Ms. Freedman was the
Chief Executive Officer of Kingsdale Advisors, a leading shareholder services and corporate governance advisory firm. Prior to joining
Kingsdale Advisors, Ms. Freedman spent over 15 years in capital markets as an investment banker with global firms including Stifel Financial
Corp. (NYSE: SF) and Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS). Ms. Freedman is a director of the following public companies: (a) Irish Residential Properties
REIT plc (ISE: IRES) since May 2024; and (b) American Hotel Income Properties REIT LP (TSX: HOT.UN, HOT.U) since October 2023. Ms. Freedman
was also a director on the board of (a) Mandalay Resources Corporation (TSX: MND, OTCQB: MNDJF) since May 2016 until July 2025; (b) Canaccord
Genuity Group Inc. (TSX: CF) from March 2023 to August 2024; and (c) Park Lawn Corporation (TSX: PLC) from June 2020 to August 2022 (now
private). Ms. Freedman holds an MBA and JD from the University of Toronto.

Andrew
J. Chang, Independent Director

Andrew
J. Chang is an independent director and a member of the Governance, Nomination, Safety, Sustainability and Technical Committee. Mr. Chang
is a seasoned executive and entrepreneur with extensive experience in the cryptocurrency and blockchain industry. He served as the Chief
Operating Officer at Paxos for over 7 years, where he played a pivotal role in growing the company from a small startup to a $2.4 billion
valuation. During his tenure, Mr. Chang oversaw the launch of the first regulated blockchain-focused trust company. His expertise lies
in navigating complex regulatory environments, scaling operations, and creating effective communication frameworks. Prior to Paxos, Mr.
Chang held operational and growth positions at Google, Techstars, WPP and several innovative startups. Mr. Chang is also an Adjunct Professor
at NYU Stern School of Business, where he teaches courses focused on venture-scale startups and the venture capital ecosystem. He is
currently a co-founder of Lynx Collective and regularly advises and invests in early-stage startups. Mr. Chang holds an MBA from NYU
Stern School of Business and a BS from Boston College, bringing a blend of financial technology acumen and technological insight to his
roles in the rapidly evolving digital asset space.

86

Wayne
Duso, Independent Director

Wayne
Duso is an independent director and a member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Duso is a senior engineering and product executive with
over 25 years of experience in enterprise and cloud infrastructure. He currently serves as Vice President, Engineering and Technology
at 1Password, where he is innovating and delivering at the intersection of identity, security, and AI infrastructure. At AWS, he launched
and scaled multiple data and storage services into multibillion-dollar businesses, while building AWS Boston into one of Amazon’s
largest development centers. At EMC, he defined strategy for a $3B ARR product line and introduced EMC’s first software-defined
storage array. His advisory roles with Snyk, Anjuna Security, and Bedrock Security underscore his continued influence in shaping next-generation
cloud, data, and cybersecurity solutions. His expertise lies in scaling global organizations, launching category-defining platforms,
and aligning technology with customer and business outcomes. Mr. Duso holds a Master of Science in Systems Engineering from Boston University
and a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He has also completed executive education
programs at MIT and Babson College.

Committees
of the Board

Historically, the Board has had four committees:
an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, an Environmental and Social Responsibility Committee and a Governance and Nominating Committee.
Following the U.S. Redomiciliation, the Board will have three standing committees. In compliance with the listing rules of the Nasdaq and the TSX, each member of a committee is independent within the meaning of Nasdaq
listing standards and applicable rules and regulations of the SEC.

Audit
Committee

The
Audit Committee is responsible for assisting our Board in its oversight responsibilities relating to the integrity of our financial statements
and our accounting and financial reporting processes and financial statement audits; the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting and disclosure; the design, implementation and performance of our internal audit function; the independent auditor’s
qualifications, independence and performance; advising our Board on regulatory matters; our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
risk assessment and risk management pertaining to our financial, accounting and tax matters; and the performance of our internal audit
function and internal auditors. The Audit Committee is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act in anticipation
of the completion of our U.S. Redomiciliation. Each director on the Audit Committee has sufficient knowledge in financial and auditing
matters to serve on the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has three members: Fanny Philip (Chair), Edith Hofmeister and Brian Howlett.
Fanny Philip and Brian Howlett are audit committee financial experts.

The
Audit Committee oversees our corporate accounting and financial reporting process. Among other matters, the Audit Committee evaluates
the independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications, independence and performance; oversees the work of the independent
registered public accounting firm; determines the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm; reviews and approves
the scope of the annual audit and the audit fee; discusses with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the
results of the annual audit and the review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements; approves the retention of the independent
registered public accounting firm to perform any proposed permissible non-audit services; monitors the rotation of partners of the independent
registered public accounting firm on our engagement team as required by law; reviews our critical accounting policies and estimates;
reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and procedures; oversees the internal audit function;
establishes procedures for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls or auditing matters and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting
or auditing matters; and annually reviews the Audit Committee charter and the committee’s performance. The Audit Committee operates
under a written charter pursuant to applicable standards and rules of the SEC and Nasdaq, which is posted on our website at investor.bitfarms.com.

Compensation
Committee

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for evaluating, recommending, approving and reviewing executive officer and director compensation
arrangements, plans, policies and programs maintained by us, administering our incentive and equity-based compensation plans and overseeing
the management of risks related to our executive compensation plans and arrangements, reviewing and discussing with management our compensation discussion and analysis to be included in our public filings.
In anticipation of our U.S. Redomiciliation, the Compensation Committee operates under a written charter pursuant to applicable standards
and rules of the SEC and Nasdaq, which is posted on our website at investor.bitfarms.com. The Compensation Committee has three members:
Amy Freedman (Chair), Fanny Philip and Wayne Duso.

The
Compensation Committee reviews and recommends to the Board for approval policies relating to the compensation and benefits
of our executive officers and employees. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation
of the chief executive officer and other executive officers, evaluates the performance of these executives in light of those goals and
objectives and sets the compensation of these executives based on such evaluations. The Compensation Committee also administers our incentive
and equity-based plans, including approving grants and other awards and making other decisions regarding the operation of such plans. The Compensation
Committee reviews and evaluates, at least annually, its composition and performance and the Compensation Committee charter. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Compensation Committee is permitted to delegate
any or all of its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the Compensation Committee, but only to the extent consistent with our articles
and bylaws, Nasdaq rules and other applicable law.

87

Governance,
Nomination, Safety, Sustainability and Technical Committee

The
Governance, Nomination, Safety, Sustainability and Technical Committee is responsible for identifying, considering and recommending to
our Board individuals qualified to serve as directors and on committees of our Board, consistent with criteria approved by our Board,
advising our Board with respect to our Board composition, procedures and committees, reviewing developments in corporate governance and
developing and recommending to our Board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to us, evaluating the overall effectiveness
of our Board, our Board’s committees and our management, overseeing our programs, policies and practices relating to health and
safety, environmental sustainability and corporate social responsibility. The Governance, Nomination, Safety, Sustainability and Technical
Committee has three members: Brian Howlett (Chair), Fanny Philip and Andrew J. Chang.

The
Governance, Nomination, Safety, Sustainability and Technical Committee is responsible for, among other things: (i) assisting management
in developing responsible corporate governance policies and practices; (ii) overseeing adherence to corporate governance rules, policies
and principles; (iii) identifying individuals qualified to be nominated as members of our Board; (iv) developing a board skills and competencies
matrix for our Board as a whole and for existing members of our Board, as well as committee membership; (v) determining the structure
and composition of our committees; (vi) evaluating the performance and effectiveness of our Board and its committees; (vii) succession
planning; (viii) reviewing our directors and officers insurance coverage; (ix) reviewing our governance-related disclosure included in
our public filings; (x) overseeing compliance with our Code of Business Conduct; (xi) overseeing our programs relating to director
orientation, education and continuing development; (xii) developing and recommending to our Board policies regarding board refreshment
and director tenure, including guidelines for director retirement, term limits if applicable, and succession planning; (xiii) reviewing
and overseeing technical aspects of our data center operations, including capacity planning, infrastructure efficiency, power usage effectiveness
(PUE) metrics, and compliance with applicable technical reporting standards and industry best practices; (xiv) monitoring and providing
oversight for crisis management procedures and operational risk management; (xv) reviewing programs and practices that impact local communities
and other key stakeholders; and (xvi) annually reviewing our sustainability report and ensuring we maintain a comprehensive sustainability
program. In anticipation of the completion of our U.S. Redomiciliation, the Governance, Nomination, Safety, Sustainability and Technical
Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and Nasdaq, which is posted on our website
at investor.bitfarms.com.

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all of our directors, officers, employees, consultants, and contractors
including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, controller or principal accounting officer, or other persons performing
similar functions, which is a “code” under NI 58-101 and a “code of ethics” as defined by applicable SEC rules
in anticipation of the completion of our U.S. Redomiciliation. The Code of Conduct sets out our fundamental values and standards of behavior
that are expected from our directors, officers, employees, consultants, and contractors with respect to all aspects of our business.
The objective of the Code of Conduct is to provide guidelines for maintaining our integrity, reputation and honesty with a goal of honoring
others’ trust in the Company at all times. The full text of the Code of Conduct is posted on our website at investor.bitfarms.com
and is filed with Canadian securities regulators.

If
we grant any waivers from any provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including any implicit waiver, we will disclose the
nature of such waiver on our website to the extent required by the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Canadian Securities Administrators.
To date, no such waiver has been granted. We will post any amendments to the Bitfarms Code of Conduct required to be disclosed under
the rules of the SEC or listing standards of the Nasdaq at that location.

Insider
Trading Policies and Procedures

We
have insider trading policies and procedures (the “Insider Trading Policy”) that govern the purchase, sale and other dispositions
of our securities by directors, officers, employees and contractors, as well as by the Company itself. We believe these policies and
procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable listing standards.
In anticipation of our U.S. Redomiciliation, we expect to adopt a new Insider Trading Policy. A copy of such Insider Trading Policy is
filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report.

88

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

COMPENSATION
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

This
section discusses the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the following executive officers, who we have determined to be our
named executive officers (“NEOs”) for fiscal year 2025. For fiscal year 2025, our NEOs are our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”),
our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and former CFO as well as the most highly compensated executive officers (other than
our CEO and our CFOs) who were serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2025.

Name

Position

Benjamin Gagnon

Chief Executive Officer

Jonathan Mir

Chief Financial Officer

Liam Wilson

Chief Operating Officer

Rachel Silverstein

General Counsel, Global

Jeffrey Lucas

Former Chief Financial Officer

Mr.
Lucas was replaced as CFO and Mr. Mir was appointed as our CFO effective as of October 27, 2025. Mr. Lucas’s employment officially
terminated on December 31, 2025.

Compensation
Overview

Bitfarms
Ltd.’s executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain, and motivate the high-caliber leadership team required to
execute our strategic transformation into a company converting its existing energy and data center infrastructure to HPC and AI uses.

For
fiscal year 2025, our executive compensation program consists of three primary components: (i) base salary, providing a fixed, competitive
level of compensation reflective of each NEOs role and market value; (ii) annual short-term incentive (“STIP”) payments,
which are performance-based cash awards tied to the achievement of pre-established corporate financial and operational objectives and
individual performance goals; and (iii) long-term incentive awards granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) in
the form of stock options, restricted share units (“RSUs”) and performance share units (“PSUs”), which align
executive interests with long-term shareholder value creation and promote retention of key talent.

Commencing
in fiscal year 2025, we implemented a revised compensation structure in which annual STIP opportunities are established as a defined
percentage of each NEOs annual base salary and assessed against a structured annual performance scorecard. LTIP awards are granted on
an annual basis and include a balanced mix of time-based and performance-based equity awards. This program design reflects the Compensation
Committee’s ongoing commitment to ensuring that compensation is measurably linked to corporate objectives and the creation of sustainable
shareholder value, consistent with our strategic priorities, including its advancement of high-performance computing and AI data center
infrastructure.

The
descriptions that follow reflect our compensation practices in 2025 as a Canadian Foreign Private Issuer.

Our
Executive Compensation Program

2025
Compensation Decisions

Fiscal
year 2025 was a transformative year for us, marked by management and board transition, including the cessation of employment of our former
CFO, the appointment of Mr. Mir in October 2025, the onboarding of multiple new independent directors, and the retention of Corporate
Governance Partners, Inc. (“CGP”) as our first independent external compensation consultant. We also first established a
formal STIP structure during FY 2025.

89

Philosophy
and Objectives of Our Executive Compensation Program

Our
executive compensation philosophy is to attract, motivate and retain the leaders who drive the success of the Company. Our executive
compensation programs are designed to:

● Pay-for-performance
and align the interests of executives and shareholders

● Incentivize
executives to work as a team to achieve our strategic objectives

● Ensure
direct accountability for annual and long-term operating results

● Reflect
both business strategy and market norms

● Adhere
to the Company’s risk profile

Compensation
Principles

Our
executive compensation policies and decisions are guided by the following material principles:

Pay-for-Performance :
A significant portion of each NEOs total direct compensation is variable and contingent upon the achievement of pre-established corporate
and individual performance objectives. Fixed base salary is supplemented by performance-sensitive variable components—annual STIP
payments and LTIP awards—ensuring that total realized compensation reflects our operating results, market performance, and strategic
progress.

Alignment
with Shareholder Interests : A meaningful portion of total direct NEO compensation is delivered in equity-based awards, the ultimate
value of which is directly linked to the performance of our Common Shares over time. This structure aligns the financial interests of
executives with those of shareholders and incentivizes a sustained focus on long-term value creation.

Market
Competitiveness : We target total direct compensation packages competitive with those offered by companies of comparable size
and operational profile in the technology, digital assets, data center, and energy infrastructure sectors, enabling us to attract and
retain executives of the highest caliber in a competitive market for talent.

Risk
Mitigation : Our compensation programs are structured to avoid incentivizing excessive or unnecessary risk-taking. Our balance
of fixed and variable pay, use of multiple performance metrics, caps on incentive payouts, equity vesting requirements, and clawback
and forfeiture provisions collectively support prudent risk management.

Internal
Equity : Compensation levels reflect each NEOs role, scope of responsibilities, experience, and demonstrated contribution, calibrated
to promote fairness and consistency across the executive leadership team.

What
Our Compensation Programs Are Designed to Reward

Our
compensation programs are designed to reward:

● Achievement
of financial and operational goals

● Individual
performance and contribution to corporate success

● Long-term
shareholder value creation

● Strategic
leadership and execution

● Innovation
and advancement of our strategic pivot into high-performance computing and AI data center
infrastructure

90

Process
for Determining Executive Compensation

Role
of the Compensation Committee

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to (i) the establishment
of key human resources and compensation policies, (ii) performance evaluation and compensation determination for our executive officers
including our NEOs, (iii) identification and mitigation of risks associated with compensation policies, (iv) succession planning for
senior management, and (v) compensation of our non-employee directors. The Compensation Committee consists of three independent directors:
Amy Freedman (Chair), Fanny Philip, and Wayne Duso, each of whom meets applicable independence requirements and has working familiarity
with compensation and human resources matters. The Compensation Committee discharges its responsibilities as follows:

● Executive
Officer Performance Evaluation : The Compensation Committee evaluates the performance
of the CEO and CFO annually against corporate goals and objectives established at the beginning
of the fiscal year and reviews the CEO’s recommendations regarding the performance
of all other executive officers. The results of these evaluations form the basis for the
Compensation Committee’s recommendations to the Board regarding total direct compensation
for each executive officer. No executive officer participates in deliberations or decisions
regarding his or her own compensation.

● Compensation
Governance and Program Oversight : The Compensation Committee: (i) at least annually
reviews and approves NEO personal performance objectives and corporate performance objectives,
and recommends them to the Board for consideration; (ii) reviews and approves our compensation
policies periodically to assess their competitiveness and alignment with shareholder interests;
(iii) considers the risks associated with our compensation policies and practices to confirm
they do not incentivize inappropriate or excessive risk-taking; (iv) administers the LTIP
and other equity-based compensation plans, and determines grants of stock options, RSUs,
PSUs, and Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”) to be recommended to the Board; (v) reviews
and recommends to the Board the approval of employment agreements, severance arrangements,
change in control provisions, and any special or supplemental benefits or perquisites for
executive officers; and (vi) reviews all annual executive compensation disclosure before
it is publicly released.

● Succession
Planning and Non-Executive Director Compensation : The Compensation Committee at least
annually reviews our succession plan for our CEO and other NEOs, including matters of appointment,
training and evaluation of senior management. The Compensation Committee also at least annually
reviews and recommends to the Board adjustments to our non-employee director compensation
program to ensure it is competitive and properly reflects the responsibilities of Board service.
The Compensation Committee meets no less than twice per year and held ten (10) formal meetings
during fiscal year 2025. The Committee also holds in camera sessions without management present,
as appropriate, to facilitate candid deliberation.

● Independent
Advisor Authority : The Compensation Committee has full authority to retain independent
compensation consultants, legal counsel, and other advisors at the Company’s expense
to assist it in fulfilling its mandate, with sole authority to determine the compensation
and retention terms of such advisors. In fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee has
exercised this authority by retaining CGP, to provide independent advice on executive and
non-employee director compensation levels and program design. In selecting advisors, the
Committee considers factors bearing on independence, including other services provided to
the Company, fees paid, and any personal or business relationships between the advisor
and members of the Committee or executive officers. The Compensation Committee engaged Compensia
in November 2025 to conduct a peer group review for 2026 compensation.

Role
of Management

The
CEO reviews the performance evaluations of all other NEOs and provides compensation recommendations to the Compensation Committee. The
Committee considers these recommendations, reviews an analysis of competitive market compensation information, consults with its compensation
consultants, and exercises its independent judgment to determine if any adjustments are required prior to Board approval.

In
addition to the CEO’s role described above, other members of management participate in the compensation process in a supporting
capacity. Our head of People and Culture provides competitive market data, analytical support, and operational assistance to the Compensation
Committee. Other executive officers may be invited to attend portions of Compensation Committee meetings to provide relevant information
regarding program design, company performance, or market practices; however, no executive officer participates in deliberations or decisions
concerning his or her own compensation. The CFO, the Global General Counsel and the COO may provide technical analysis and advice to
support the compensation process as requested by the Compensation Committee. Final compensation determinations for all NEOs are made
exclusively by the Compensation Committee and the Board, without the involvement of the relevant NEO in such determinations.

91

Role
of the Compensation Consultant

CGP
served as the Compensation Committee’s independent executive compensation consultant. CGP was retained by the Compensation Committee
effective January 10, 2025, and its engagement encompassed the following:

● CGP
was retained to review our compensation philosophy and the compensation levels of our non-employee
directors and executive offers to assess alignment with industry standards and competitive
market practices, and to advise the Compensation Committee on executive and director compensation
program design.

● CGP
has not provided any other services to the Company beyond the executive and director
compensation consulting services described herein.

● The
aggregate fees paid to CGP for executive and director compensation consulting services in
fiscal year 2025 were $39,000. No fees were paid to CGP in any prior year.

● The
Compensation Committee has assessed the independence of CGP pursuant to applicable SEC and
Nasdaq standards and has concluded that CGP’s engagement did not raise any conflict-of-interest
concerns. This determination was based on: (i) CGP’s services being limited solely
to executive and director compensation consulting for the Compensation Committee; (ii) the
absence of any other business, financial, or personal relationships between CGP and the Company,
its affiliates, executive officers, or Board members; and (iii) the engagement having been
authorized directly by the Compensation Committee, independent of management.

Benchmarking
and Peer Group Information

The
Compensation Committee engages in periodic benchmarking of total direct compensation and its principal and related elements to assess
the competitiveness of our executive compensation program. The Compensation Committee, together with our head of People and Culture,
reviews a competitive market analysis drawn from compensation data for companies similar in size to the Company that operate in the
technology, digital assets, data center, and energy infrastructure sectors. For fiscal year 2025, CGP provided a competitive market compensation
analysis to inform the Compensation Committee’s review of executive officer and non-employee director compensation levels. In November
2025, the Compensation Committee retained Compensia to conduct a formal peer group review to inform fiscal year 2026 compensation decisions.

● Benchmarking
Scope : The Compensation Committee engages in benchmarking of total direct compensation
as well as its material elements, including base salary, short-term incentive target opportunities,
and long-term incentive award values, using both publicly disclosed data drawn from peer
company public filings and, where applicable, third-party compensation survey data.

● Peer
Group : For purposes of its fiscal year 2025 compensation review and decisions, the
Compensation Committee used a peer group consisting of eight (8) direct industry competitors
in the Bitcoin Mining and high-performance computing sectors (the “FY2025 Peer Group”):
Cipher Mining, CleanSpark, Core Scientific, HIVE Digital Technologies, Hut 8, IREN, Riot
Platforms, and TeraWulf.

● Peer
Selection Rationale : Going forward, the Compensation Committee intends to review
and update the peer group as deemed necessary based on a rules-based methodology developed
with the assistance of its compensation consultant, evaluating comparability to the Company
in terms of: (i) industry classification, with primary emphasis on direct cryptocurrency
mining and high-performance computing sectors ; (ii) revenue scale; and (iii) market capitalization.
The Compensation Committee also intends to draw upon the professional experience of its members,
who collectively have served as officers and directors of companies in digital assets, technology,
and infrastructure sectors for our peer group. Based on fiscal year 2025 financial data,
Bitfarms was positioned at approximately the 49th percentile of the FY2025 Peer Group on
a revenue basis, with revenue growth of approximately 42%, above the peer group median —
reflecting our strong operational execution and positioning it competitively within its industry.

92

● Use
of Competitive Market Data : An analysis of competitive market data drawn from the
peer group serves as one important input among several in the Compensation Committee’s
compensation recommendations. The Compensation Committee uses the analysis to establish competitive
reference points for each principal element of compensation — base salary, target STIP
opportunity, and target LTIP value — while also considering individual performance
assessments, scope of responsibilities, experience, tenure, internal pay equity, and our
overall compensation budget. The Compensation Committee is not mechanically bound to base
its recommendations on any specific peer group percentile and retains full discretion to
set compensation above or below market reference points where individual circumstances or
retention considerations warrant.

● Market
Positioning : The Compensation Committee generally targets positioning the NEOs total
direct compensation at levels competitive with the market for comparable roles at similarly
situated companies, with the opportunity for above-median realizable compensation for performance
outcomes that exceed established targets. For fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee
recommended compensation targets generally intended to move toward the 50th percentile of
the FY2025 Peer Group.

Elements
of Compensation

A
substantial portion of NEOs target direct compensation is linked to our performance. The Compensation Committee establishes total target
compensation and certain elements of compensation (base salary, short-term incentives and long-term incentives) for the NEOs.

Base
Salary

Base
salary provides a competitive level of fixed compensation to attract and retain talented executives. Base salaries are reviewed annually
and adjusted based on:

● Individual
performance and contribution

● Market
competitiveness and peer group data

● Changes
in role or responsibilities

● Internal
equity considerations

● Overall
compensation mix and the relative weighting of fixed versus variable pay components, with
due regard for our stage of development, geographic footprint, and the competitive dynamics
of the markets in which we recruit executive talent

Fiscal
Year 2025 Base Salaries

NEO
Annual
Base
Salary

Benjamin Gagnon
$ 528,888

Jonathan Mir
$ 478,888

Liam Wilson
$ 374,988

Rachel Silverstein
$ 338,000

Jeffrey Lucas
$ 458,888

93

The
base salaries set forth above reflect the recommendations of the Compensation Committee following its fiscal year 2025 compensation review,
which was informed by a competitive market analysis prepared by CGP. Base salary levels for continuing NEOs were established with reference
to competitive market positioning, individual performance during fiscal year 2024 (where applicable), and any changes in the scope of
the applicable NEOs role or responsibilities. Benjamin Gagnon’s base salary of $528,888 was effective as of August 8, 2025, and
is commensurate with the responsibilities of the CEO role at a company of the Company’s scale and complexity. Jonathan Mir’s
base salary reflects the Compensation Committee’s determination of competitive market compensation for a CFO with his qualifications.
The base salaries for other continuing NEOs were reviewed and maintained or adjusted to reflect competitive positioning and an evaluation
of individual performance.

Short-Term
Incentive Compensation

Our
annual incentive program provides performance-based cash compensation tied to achievement of corporate financial goals and individual
performance objectives.

Annual
Incentive Plan Structure

We
provide performance-based cash compensation to our NEOs under our STIP. STIP bonuses are assessed against a structured annual performance
scorecard that includes a combination of corporate financial and operational objectives, as well as individual performance goals. The
Compensation Committee determines the specific performance metrics, their weightings, and performance targets for each performance year.
Commencing in fiscal year 2025, the program operates under the following structure:

● Performance
Period : January 1 through December 31 of the applicable fiscal year

● Bonus
Targets : Each participant’s STIP target bonus is established as a defined percentage
of base salary (as set forth below). The actual payout may range from zero (if performance
is below threshold) to a maximum established by the Compensation Committee, reflecting the
degree of achievement against the applicable performance scorecard.

● Corporate
Performance Metrics : The scorecard applied the following material corporate and operational
metrics intended to drive our business plan: goals relating to our North American pivot,
business planning, HPC planning and corporate governance and safety goals.

● Individual
Performance Metrics : In addition to corporate financial and operational metrics,
individual performance and contribution to corporate objectives are considered by the Compensation
Committee and the Board in determining final STIP bonuses for each participant.

● Committee
Discretion : The Compensation Committee retains discretion to adjust STIP bonus recommendations
upward or downward to reflect exceptional individual circumstances, one-time events, or other
factors it deems relevant in appropriately aligning pay with performance outcomes.

Fiscal
Year 2025 Bonus Targets

NEO
Bonus
Target as a Percentage of Base Salary

Benjamin Gagnon
200 %

Jonathan Mir
100 %

Liam Wilson
100 %

Rachel Silverstein
60 %

Jeffrey Lucas
100 %

The
bonus targets set forth above reflect the recommendations of the Compensation Committee following its fiscal year 2025 compensation review,
which was informed by a competitive market analysis prepared by CGP. Target bonus levels for continuing NEOs were established with reference
to competitive market positioning, individual performance during fiscal year 2024 (where applicable), and any changes in the scope of
the applicable NEO’s role or responsibilities.

94

Fiscal
Year 2025 Performance Results

Following
the conclusion of fiscal year 2025, the Compensation Committee conducted a comprehensive review of the Company’s achievement
against each applicable corporate performance metric and each NEO’s achievement against each applicable individual performance
metric established under the fiscal year 2025 annual performance scorecard. For fiscal year 2025, bonus targets were adjusted based on
a weighted performance score for each NEO (other than Mr. Mir): For Mr. Gagnon, 75% of the award is determined by the achievement of
corporate performance metrics, while the remaining 25% is determined by the achievement of individual performance metrics; for Mr. Wilson
75% corporate and 25% individual; and for Ms. Silverstein, 50% corporate and 50% individual. The sum of these two weighted components,
along with the corporate performance metrics, is applied to the NEO’s target bonus amount to determine final STIP bonus amount
paid to the NEO. The STIP bonus awarded to Mr. Mir was based 100% on achievement of the corporate metrics and prorated for his time with
the Company. Based on its assessment of achievement against the corporate and operational objectives, the Compensation Committee determined
that the corporate performance component was achieved at 133% of target, reflecting our strong operational execution and strategic progress
during the fiscal year.

To
the extent specific corporate performance goals have not been disclosed herein, such metrics and applicable performance targets involve
competitively sensitive financial and operational information the disclosure of which could cause competitive harm to the Company.
The Compensation Committee recommends and the Board approved performance targets at levels the Compensation Committee believes are challenging
but achievable with strong management execution and favorable market conditions, consistent with our strategic plan and long-term objectives.

In
addition to the corporate performance metrics, the Compensation Committee evaluates certain individual performance metrics, each of which
is assigned a weighting, that are specific to each NEO to determine STIP bonus amounts. Individual performance metrics are evaluated
against three performance levels: Threshold, which pays out at 50%; Achieve, which pays out at 100%; and Stretch, which pays out at 200%.
Failure to achieve the Threshold performance level results in a 0% for the applicable metric. Due to the Company’s strategic transition from Mining operations
to HPC Infrastructure for artificial intelligence, the Board determined that financial performance metrics would not be an accurate reflection
of individual contributions toward our strategic pivot for fiscal year 2025. As a result, the individual performance metrics for Mr. Gagnon,
Mr. Wilson and Ms. Silverstein focus instead on qualitative metrics, including:

●
For Mr. Gagnon, development of the U.S.-redomicile and strategic plan, leadership and visibility goal, Americas exit plan, development of the Panther Creek campus and 2026-2028 strategic plans, performance in our 360 Feedback Process, and governance goals. The Compensation Committee determined that based on achievement of these individual performance metrics, Mr. Gagnon achieved an individual performance percentage of 120%.

●
For Mr. Wilson, a combination of operation and development goals, governance goals, performance in our 360 Feedback Process, and relationship development with external stakeholders: The Compensation Committee determined that based on achievement of the following individual performance metrics, Mr. Wilson achieved an individual performance percentage of 133%.

●
For Ms. Silverstein: insurance efficiencies, costs and litigation management, governance goals and performance in our 360 Feedback process. The Compensation Committee determined that based on achievement of the following individual performance metrics, Ms. Silverstein achieved an individual performance percentage of 160%.

The
Compensation Committee considered whether any discretionary adjustments to formulaic STIP outcomes were warranted in light of our overall
performance and individual contributions during fiscal year 2025 and recommended no such adjustments were warranted.

Actual
STIP bonus amounts paid to each NEO for fiscal year 2025 are set forth in the Summary Compensation Table in the “Non-Equity Incentive
Plan Compensation” column.

Long-Term
Incentive Compensation

Long-term
incentive compensation is designed to align executive and director interests with long-term shareholder value creation and to promote
retention. Awards are granted annually and may consist of stock options (“Options”), RSUs, PSUs, and DSUs. Commencing in
fiscal year 2025, annual LTIP grants include a balanced mix of time-based RSU awards and performance-based PSU awards for NEOs supplemented,
sometimes, by Options as recommended by the Compensation Committee. DSUs are available for issuance to eligible directors under the LTIP.
No director has elected to receive DSUs as of the date hereof. All long-term incentive awards are granted under the LTIP, which
was approved by shareholders at our annual meeting on June 30, 2025.

95

The
breakdown of Long-Term Incentive Compensation by percentage during 2025 for our current NEOs is as follows:

NEO
Option
Awards
Restricted
Stock
Units
Performance
Stock Units
Total
Long Term
Equity Compensation

Ben Gagnon
0 %
25 %
75 %
100 %

Jonathan Mir
100 %
0 %
0 %
100 %

Liam Wilson
0 %
25 %
75 %
100 %

Rachel Silverstein
0 %
25 %
75 %
100 %

Stock
Option Awards

We
grant Options to NEOs and other eligible persons under the LTIP. The material terms of Options granted under the LTIP are as follows:

● Vesting
Schedule : Options vest in accordance with the vesting schedule specified in the applicable
award agreement. Options generally vest as to 25% of the Common Shares on the grant date,
with the remaining 75% vesting in three equal six-month installments thereafter, generally
subject to continued employment as of each applicable vesting schedule. The Board may determine,
in its sole discretion, that Options vest in installments or pursuant to a specified vesting
schedule, including ratable vesting over a multi-year period.

● Exercise
Price : The exercise price of each Option is set at no less than the Fair Market Value
on the Grant Date, determined as the closing sale price of the Common Shares on the Nasdaq
Stock Market on the Grant Date.

● Option
Term : The maximum term of any Option may not exceed ten (10) years from the Grant
Date.

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards

RSUs
are granted to NEOs and other eligible people under the LTIP. The material terms of RSUs granted under the LTIP are as follows:

● Vesting
Schedule : RSUs vest in accordance with the schedule specified in the applicable award
agreement, subject to a minimum restriction period of 12 months from the Grant Date. The
standard vesting schedule for RSUs granted under the LTIP provides for ratable vesting in
equal one-third installments on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the
Grant Date, generally subject to continued employment.

● Dividend
Equivalent Rights : At the discretion of the Board, each RSU may be credited with
dividend equivalents equal to cash and stock dividends paid by the Company on one Common
Share. Dividend equivalents are deemed re-invested in additional RSUs based on the fair market
value of a Common Share on the applicable dividend payment date, rounded down to the nearest
whole unit. Dividend equivalents are subject to the same vesting schedule as the underlying
RSU award.

● Rationale :
RSUs provide a direct, share-linked retention and alignment vehicle that delivers value correlated
to Common Share price performance, supporting the objective of retaining key executives while
aligning their interests with those of shareholders over the applicable vesting period.

Performance
Share Units

PSUs
are granted to NEOs under the LTIP as shown in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table. PSUs are performance-based equity awards the vesting
of which is contingent upon achievement of specified performance criteria within a defined “Performance Cycle”. The material
terms of PSUs granted under the LTIP in 2025 are as follows:

● Performance
Period (Performance Cycle) : The Performance Cycle applicable to each PSU grant is
specified in the applicable award agreement and may not exceed 36 months. The “Determination
Date” (the date the Board determines whether and to what extent performance criteria
have been satisfied) occurs no later than 90 days after expiry of the applicable Performance
Cycle.

96

● Performance
Criteria : The Board establishes the performance criteria applicable to each PSU grant
in the applicable award agreement, which may include criteria based on personal performance
and/or the financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries, including, but
not limited to financial metrics such as hash rate capacity, cost, energized capacity growth,
revenue, operating cash flow, and strategic milestones related to HPC/AI infrastructure development.
For 2025 awards of PSUs, the Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) performance
criteria were as follows:

● Performance
Period: The TSR performance measurement shall be calculated over a three (3) year performance
period commencing on the grant date and ending three years later.

● Benchmark
Index: The Company’s TSR performance shall be measured against the average TSR performance
of the Russell 3000 Index over the same three-year performance period.

● Payout
Structure: The payout percentage for TSR-based awards shall be determined as follows:

● 0%
Payout: If the Company’s TSR performance is more than ten (10) percentage points below the
Russell 3000 average.

● 50%
Payout: If the Company’s TSR performance is within ten (10) percentage points below the Russell
3000 average (but not below such threshold).

● 100%
Payout: If the Company’s TSR performance equals the Russell 3000 average or within 9.9 percentage
points.

● 200%
Payout: If the Company’s TSR performance exceeds the Russell 3000 average by more than ten
(10) percentage points.

● Payout
Levels : The number of Common Shares issuable upon vesting of PSUs reflects the extent
to which the applicable performance criteria have been satisfied, as determined by the Board
on the Determination Date. The Board retains discretion to adjust PSU payout levels downward
but not upward from formulaic results.

● Vesting
Determination : Vesting of PSUs is determined by the Board on the Determination Date
following assessment of the degree to which the applicable performance criteria were achieved
during the Performance Cycle. PSUs vest at the end of the applicable restriction period,
which may not be less than 12 months from the Grant Date, generally subject to continued
employment.

● Rationale :
PSUs are designed to directly tie a meaningful portion of executive long-term compensation
to the achievement of specific operational and strategic performance outcomes aligned with
our multi-year growth strategy, including its Bitcoin Mining operations and HPC/AI data center
infrastructure development.

97

Other
Retention Payments

No
special retention payments or awards outside the normal annual LTIP grant cycle were made to any NEO during fiscal year 2025, other than
as described in the Employment Agreements section below in respect of former NEOs. We believe that its standard annual LTIP program,
combined with competitive base salaries and STIP opportunities, provides sufficient ongoing retention incentives for its executive leadership
team.

Severance
and Change in Control

We
provide severance benefit protections to certain NEOs pursuant to the terms of individual employment agreements, as described in more
detail below. Also, see the section entitled “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” for the circumstances
that can result in post-employment payments and benefits. The material severance provisions provided to our NEOs are as follows:

● Severance
Vehicle : Severance is provided through individual employment agreements entered into
between the Company and each applicable NEO, as described under ‘Employment Agreements’
below. We do not maintain a broad-based severance plan.

● Conditions
for Severance : Receipt of severance payments and benefits under the employment agreements
requires the NEO to incur a qualifying termination of employment and to execute and not revoke
a general release of claims in favor of the Company.

● Change
in Control Provisions : Each of the NEO employment agreements, if applicable, and
the LTIP includes a ‘double trigger’ change in control severance provision, requiring
both a Change of Control and a qualifying termination of employment within the specified
period following the Change of Control in order for the enhanced severance amount to become
payable. The ‘Change of Control’ definition used in the LTIP is incorporated
by reference into these agreements.

Retirement
Benefits

Defined
Contribution Savings Plan

We
maintain employer-sponsored group retirement savings plans for eligible employees, including each NEO. In Canada, the retirement plan
was implemented in July 2022, and the U.S. 401(k) plan was implemented in January 2023. The material terms of these plans are as follows:

● Employer
Matching: We match, on a one-for-one basis, contributions made by all eligible employees,
including NEOs, up to a maximum employer contribution of four percent (4%) of each participant’s
base gross salary.

● Vesting:
Participants are subject to the vesting terms of the applicable plans, as determined by the
relevant plan rules and applicable law.

● Contribution
Limits: Each participant is responsible for managing his or her individual contribution limits
in accordance with the requirements of the applicable tax and revenue authority (Canada Revenue
Agency in Canada or the Internal Revenue Service in the United States).

Other
Benefits and Perquisites

Except
as disclosed as “all other compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table, we do not provide perquisites or other personal
benefits to our NEOs. We may provide relocation assistance to newly hired or relocated executive officers on a case-by-case basis, the
terms of which are negotiated as part of the applicable employment arrangement.

98

Compensation
Governance Practices

Clawback
Policy

We
have adopted an executive compensation recovery (clawback) policy (the “Clawback Policy”) applicable to its executive officers.
The Clawback Policy provides as follows:

● Covered
Compensation : The Clawback Policy covers incentive-based compensation, including
annual STIP cash awards and equity-based LTIP awards (including Options, RSUs, and PSUs),
that are granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part on the attainment of financial
reporting measures.

● Triggering
Events : The Clawback Policy is triggered by an accounting restatement of our financial
statements due to material noncompliance with applicable financial reporting requirements
(including both error corrections and ‘little r’ restatements). In addition,
the LTIP contains broader forfeiture provisions applicable upon termination of employment
for cause, violation of material Corporation policies, fraud, and breach of non-competition,
confidentiality, or other restrictive covenants.

● Recovery
Period : The Clawback Policy applies to incentive-based compensation received by covered
executive officers during the three completed fiscal years preceding the date the Company
is required to prepare an accounting restatement.

● Administration :
The Clawback Policy is administered by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee
is authorized to determine the form and timing of recovery, which may include repayment of
cash, forfeiture of outstanding equity awards, or offset against future compensation, subject
to applicable law.

● Regulatory
Compliance : The Clawback Policy is designed to support compliance with Section 10D
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Rule 10D-1 thereunder, and applicable
Nasdaq listing standards relating to the recovery of erroneously awarded compensation.

Anti-Hedging
and Anti-Pledging

Pursuant
to our Securities Trading Policy, the following restrictions apply to our officers and directors with respect to the Company’s
securities:

● Anti-Hedging :
Our officers and directors are prohibited from purchasing financial instruments designed
to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of equity securities granted as compensation
or held, directly or indirectly, by the officer or director. Prohibited instruments include,
without limitation, prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, and units
of exchange funds.

● Anti-Pledging :
Our Securities Trading Policy restricts the pledging of Corporation securities in a manner
that could result in trading in contravention of our insider trading and blackout period
policies.

● Derivative
Securities : Officers and directors are prohibited from using derivative securities
or engaging in other transactions designed to hedge or speculate on the value of the Company’s
Common Shares in a manner inconsistent with our Securities Trading Policy.

Option
Grant Timing :

Our
practices with respect to the timing of Option grants are as follows:

● Grant Timing and MNPI : We do not time the grant of Options in coordination with the release of material non-public information (“MNPI”) in order to benefit recipients or to otherwise affect the value of equity-based compensation.

● Board
and Committee Approval : All Option grants are approved by the Board upon recommendation
of the Compensation Committee. Grant dates are established at the time of Board approval
and are not subject to retroactive adjustment.

● New
Hire Grants : Option grants to newly appointed executives are approved by the Board
and are made at grant prices reflecting market prices at the time of Board approval, not
timed in coordination with the release of MNPI.

99

General
Grant Practices:

Our
general policies and practices regarding the timing of equity grants to NEOs are as follows:

● Predetermined Schedule : Annual LTIP grants to NEOs are generally made in connection with the Compensation Committee’s annual compensation review cycle, following the end of the preceding fiscal year or in the first quarter of the relevant fiscal year.

● Relationship
to Financial Results : Annual grants are typically made following the completion of
year-end financial reporting processes. We do not time grants in anticipation of or in coordination
with the release of annual or interim financial results or other MNPI disclosures.

● Committee
Role : The Compensation Committee reviews and recommends all equity grants for approval
by the Board. Grant dates are established upon Board approval and are not subject to retroactive
modification.

● Changes
in Fiscal Year 2025 : There were no material changes to our equity grant timing practices
during fiscal year 2025.

Forfeiture
Provisions

The
LTIP and applicable award agreements include forfeiture provisions applicable to awards upon the occurrence of certain events, as follows:

● Non-Competition
Violations : Each of the NEOs has entered into a non-competition and non-disclosure
agreement with the Company. Breach of applicable non-competition restrictions may result
in forfeiture and cancellation of unvested awards and recovery of previously settled awards,
as determined by the Compensation Committee.

● Confidentiality
Violations : Breach of confidentiality obligations owed to the Company constitutes
a forfeiture event under the LTIP, and may result in cancellation of outstanding awards and
recoupment of compensation previously paid or delivered.

● Termination
for Cause : Upon termination of employment or service for cause (as defined in the
LTIP, which includes fraud, gross misconduct, and material breach of obligations), all outstanding
vested and unvested awards are immediately forfeited and cancelled as of the termination
date, with no compensation payable in respect thereof.

● Other
Misconduct : Pursuant to the LTIP’s general forfeiture provisions, the Board
may specify in any award agreement that the Participant’s rights with respect to an
award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, or forfeiture upon conduct detrimental
to the business or reputation of the Company, violation of material Corporation policies,
or other events specified by the Board at the time of grant.

Accounting
and Tax Considerations

Accounting
Treatment

The
Compensation Committee considers the accounting implications of compensation decisions. Equity-based compensation is accounted for in
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718.

Equity-based
compensation awards granted during 2025 under the LTIP—including Options, RSUs, PSUs, and DSUs—are accounted for in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation. Grant date fair values for Options are calculated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, and grant date fair values for RSUs and PSUs are calculated based on the closing price of the Common Shares on
the TSX at the time of grant. The Compensation Committee is aware that accounting costs associated with equity awards affect the Company’s
reported financial results and takes such costs into account when determining the overall size of the annual LTIP pool, without allowing
accounting treatment to inappropriately constrain the structure or form of equity awards selected. The Compensation Committee believes
that the value and incentive properties of performance-based equity, in particular, justify the associated accounting treatment.

100

Tax
Treatment

The
Compensation Committee considers the tax implications of compensation program design in its decision-making, while recognizing that tax
optimization is only one factor among several governing compensation structure. The following tax considerations are material to our
executive compensation program:

● Section
162(m) Deductibility : Section 162(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code generally
limits the U.S. federal income tax deductibility of compensation paid to certain covered
executive officers to $1 million per year. The Compensation Committee considers deductibility
of compensation in program design but does not structure compensation solely to maximize
deductibility, and may approve compensation that is not fully deductible where it determines
that doing so is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Compensation
Committee retains the flexibility to approve compensation that is not fully deductible where
it determines that doing so is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

● Section
409A : Our deferred compensation arrangements, including the DSU component of the
LTIP, are designed with the intent to comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the
U.S. Internal Revenue Code, which imposes requirements on the timing and form of nonqualified
deferred compensation. The DSU Award Agreement and LTIP include provisions designed to support
this objective.

● Canadian
Tax Considerations : As a Canadian corporation with employees and officers in Canada,
we structure our compensation with reference to applicable Canadian income tax rules governing
employee stock options and share-based awards, including the amendments to the employee stock
option deduction rules that became effective January 1, 2023. The Compensation Committee
consults with tax advisors as necessary to optimize the after-tax value of compensation programs
for recipients while managing our tax position.

Employment
Agreements

We
have entered into employment agreements with certain NEOs that establish base salary, incentive opportunity, and severance provisions,
which were in effect in 2025 to date. Material terms of these agreements are summarized below. In connection with completion of our U.S.
Redomiciliation we intend to enter into new employment agreements with our executive officers, including our NEOs. Material terms of
such agreements will be disclosed in subsequent filings.

Benjamin
Gagnon

On
August 8, 2025, we entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Benjamin Gagnon, for Mr. Gagnon to continue as Chief
Executive Officer.

Key
Terms:

● Current
annual base salary: $528,888

● Bonus
opportunity : 200% of base salary

● Severance :
(i) Termination of employment without cause: The executive will receive (a) a lump sum payment
equal to two times the sum of his annual base salary and annual target bonus (b) a pro-rated
target annual bonus for the year of terminations, paid in lump sum, and (c) twenty-four months
of group insurance benefits. Upon such termination, outstanding unvested RSUs and Options
held by Mr. Gagnon vest in full in accordance with the terms of the LTIP and unvested PSUs
are forfeited, though the Board may in its discretion vest all or some of the PSUs based
on performance achieved to date; (ii) Change in Control severance: Upon termination of employment
by the executive within twelve months following a Change of Control under the constructive
termination circumstances enumerated in his employment agreement, the executive will receive
the same benefits listed in subsections (a), (b) and (c) above and outstanding unvested RSUs
and Options vest in full, and unvested PSUs vest in full at 100% performance levels.

● Other
provisions : Mr. Gagnon has entered into a non-competition and non-disclosure agreement
with the Company. His employment agreement also includes customary provisions regarding
confidentiality, intellectual property ownership, and compliance with the Company’s
policies.

101

Jonathan
Mir

We
entered into an employment agreement with Jonathan Mir on October 12, 2025, pursuant to which Mr. Mir serves as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company. The material terms of Mr. Mir’s employment agreement are as follows:

● Current
annual base salary: $478,888

● Bonus
opportunity : 100% of base salary

● Severance
Provisions : Mr. Mir’s employment agreement includes customary severance provisions
providing for continuation of base salary and/or notice upon termination without cause, in
accordance with applicable employment standards legislation and the terms of his agreement.
If Mr. Mir is terminated by us without cause or for good reason (as each is defined in the
employment agreement), Mr. Mir will receive one year of base salary if the termination of
employment occurs during the first year of service, and thereafter two months of additional
severance per completed year of service up to a maximum of eighteen months of base salary.
In addition, Mr. Mir’s employment agreement provides that all of Mr. Mir’s unvested
equity awards, including options, PSUs and RSUs will be forfeited upon a termination of employment.
Mr. Mir will also be eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA should he elect for six
months.

● Change
in Control Provisions : Mr. Mir’s employment agreement includes change in control
severance provisions entitling him to enhanced severance payments upon termination of employment
without cause or for good reason within eighteen months of a change in control. In the event
Mr. Mir’s employment is terminated as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence,
Mr. Mir will receive one year of base salary if the termination of employment occurs during
the first year of service, and thereafter two months of additional severance per completed
year of service up to a maximum of eighteen months of base salary. In addition, Mr. Mir’s
Options and RSUs will vest, and unvested PSUs vest in full at 100% performance levels. Mr.
Mir will also be eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA should he elect for six months.

● Other
Material Terms : Mr. Mir has entered into a non-competition and non-disclosure agreement
with the Company. His employment agreement also includes customary provisions regarding
confidentiality, intellectual property ownership, and compliance with the Company’s
policies.

Liam
Wilson

We
entered into an employment agreement with Liam Wilson on August 12, 2024, pursuant to which Mr. Wilson serves as Chief Operating Officer
of the Company. The material terms of Mr. Wilson’s employment agreement are as follows:

● Current
annual base salary: $374,988

● Bonus
opportunity : 100% of base salary

● Severance
Provisions : Mr. Wilson’s employment agreement includes customary severance
provisions providing for continuation of base salary and/or notice upon termination without
cause, in accordance with applicable employment standards legislation and the terms of his
agreement. If Mr. Wilson is terminated by us without cause or for good reason (as each is
defined in the employment agreement), Mr. Wilson will receive one year of base salary paid
in regular installments. Mr. Wilson will also receive his full STIP for the prior year if
not paid prior to the termination of employment, and a pro rata share of his STIP bonus as
of the date of termination of employment. All of Mr. Wilson’s unvested equity awards,
including Options, PSUs and RSUs will be forfeited. Mr. Wilson will also be eligible for
continuation coverage under COBRA should he elect for twelve months.

● Change
in Control Provisions : Mr. Wilson’s employment agreement includes change in
control severance provisions entitling him to enhanced severance payments upon termination
of employment without cause or for good reason within eighteen months of a change in control.
In the event Mr. Wilson’s employment is terminated as set forth in the preceding sentence,
Mr. Wilson will receive two years of base salary payable in a lump sum. Mr. Wilson’s
unvested RSUs and Options will immediately vest, and unvested PSUs vest in full at 100% performance
levels upon termination of the employee after a Change in Control. Mr. Wilson will also be
eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA should he elect for twelve months. In addition,
all of Mr. Wilson’s Options and RSUs will vest, and unvested PSUs vest in full at 100%
performance levels. Mr. Wilson will also be eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA
should he elect for six months.

● Other
Material Terms : Mr. Wilson has entered into a non-competition and non-disclosure
agreement with the Company. His employment agreement also includes customary provisions
regarding confidentiality, intellectual property ownership, and compliance with the Company’s
policies.

102

Rachel
Silverstein

We
entered into an employment agreement with Rachel Silverstein on October 22, 2024, pursuant to which Ms. Silverstein serves as Global
General Counsel of the Company. The material terms of Ms. Silverstein’s employment agreement are as follows:

● Current
annual base salary: $338,000

● Bonus
opportunity : 60% of base salary

● Severance
Provisions : Ms. Silverstein’s employment agreement includes customary severance
provisions providing for continuation of base salary and/or notice upon termination without
cause, in accordance with applicable employment standards legislation and the terms of his
agreement. If Ms. Silverstein is terminated by us without cause or for good reason (as each
is defined in the employment agreement), Ms. Silverstein will receive six months of base
salary in regular installments. Ms. Silverstein will also receive her full STIP for the prior
year if not paid prior to the termination of employment, and a pro rata share of her STIP
bonus as of the date of termination of employment. Ms. Silverstein’s employment agreement
provides that upon a termination without cause or for good reason, all unvested Options shall
immediately vest. Any other unvested equity awards, including options, PSUs and RSUs will
be forfeited. Ms. Silverstein will also be eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA
should she elect for six months.

● Change
in Control Provisions : Ms. Silverstein’s employment agreement includes change
in control severance provisions entitling her to enhanced severance payments upon termination
of employment without cause or for good reason within eighteen months of a change in control.
In the event Ms. Silverstein’s employment is terminated as set forth in the preceding
sentence, Ms. Silverstein will receive eighteen months of base salary payable in lump sum.
Ms. Silverstein will also be eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA should she elect
for six months. In addition, Ms. Silverstein’s employment agreement provides that any
unvested Options and RSUs will vest, and unvested PSUs vest in full at 100% performance levels
upon a termination without cause or for good reason within 12 months following a change in
control in accordance with the terms of the LTIP.

● Other
Material Terms : Ms. Silverstein has entered into a non-competition and non-disclosure
agreement with the Company. Her employment agreement also includes customary provisions
regarding confidentiality, intellectual property ownership, and compliance with the Company’s
policies.

Jeffrey
Lucas

Mr.
Lucas stepped down under circumstances constituting a termination without cause as Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective
October 27, 2025. Mr. Lucas remained with the Company as a consultant to assist in the transition to Mr. Mir as Chief Financial
Officer until March 31, 2026. As part of Mr. Lucas’s termination as Chief Financial Officer, he was provided the following payments and
benefits:

● Severance
pay: One year of annual salary, which is $458,888, paid bi-weekly, starting the first payroll
date after the termination date.

● 2025
Performance bonus: $458,000, paid with all other employee bonuses in February 2026.

● Health
insurance continuation payment: $44,500, lump-sum, paid with first bi-weekly severance payment.

● All
unvested Options and RSUs vest in full as December 31, 2025.

● 841,710
PSUs (granted on 07/10/2025) forfeited upon separation of employment.

● 380,000
RSUs granted upon termination of employment and vested upon completion of his consulting
arrangement on 3/31/2026.

103

Compensation
Risk Assessment

The
Compensation Committee considers the implications of risks associated with our compensation policies and practices. The Compensation
Committee reviews the executive compensation program to ensure that compensation policies are not reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on the Company.

Risk
Mitigation Features:

Our
executive compensation program incorporates the following risk mitigation features:

● Balance
of Fixed and Variable Pay : NEO total compensation includes a mix of fixed base salary
and variable performance-based components (STIP and LTIP), ensuring that while executives
are incentivized to achieve performance goals, a meaningful fixed component reduces pressure
to take excessive risks to meet short-term targets.

● Short-Term
and Long-Term Incentive Mix : The combination of annual STIP cash awards and multi-year
LTIP equity awards (with vesting schedules of up to three years or more) encourages balanced
decision-making oriented toward both near-term execution and sustainable long-term value
creation.

● Multiple
Performance Metrics : The STIP and performance-based LTIP awards are assessed against
a diverse set of corporate financial, operational, and strategic metrics, reducing reliance
on any single measure and mitigating the risk of gaming or short-term manipulation.

● Payout
Caps : The Compensation Committee establishes maximum payout levels for STIP awards
and PSU vesting, limiting the potential for windfall payments in the event of exceptional
but unsustainable short-term results.

● Clawback
Policy : Our Clawback Policy provides for recovery of incentive-based compensation
in the event of a financial restatement, as described above, deterring conduct that could
artificially inflate reported financial results.

● Equity
Award Vesting : Multi-year vesting schedules for RSUs, PSUs, and Options maintain
meaningful alignment between executive interests and Common Share price performance over
time.

● Independent
Oversight : The Compensation Committee retains the independent compensation consultant,
CGP, and the full Board reviews and approves executive compensation determinations, providing
independent oversight of compensation design and outcomes.

The
Compensation Committee has concluded that our compensation policies and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have
a material adverse effect on the Company.

REPORT
OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

The
Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on such review
and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this
Annual Report.

The
Compensation Committee:

● Amy
Freedman, Chair

● Fanny
Philip

● Wayne
Duso

104

COMPENSATION
INFORMATION FOR OUR NEOs

The
following tables set forth compensation information for our NEOs for the fiscal years shown.

Summary
Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025

Name and Principal Position
Fiscal
Year
Salary 1 ($)
Stock Awards 2 ($)
Option Awards 3 ($)
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 4 ($)
All Other Compensation 5 ($)
Total $

Benjamin Gagnon Chief Executive Officer
2025
$ 457,058
$ 4,042,113
—
$           1,153,735
$ 76,446
$ 5,729,352

2024
$ 332,968
$ 1,068,880
$ 574,117
$ 281,227
$ 21,157
$ 2,278,349

2023
$ 231,098
—
$ 444,665
$ 99,341
—
$ 775,104

Jonathan Mir Chief Financial Officer
2025
$ 64,466
—
$ 531,600
$ 106,389
—
$ 702,455

2024
—
—
—
—
—
—

2023
—
—
—
—
—
—

Liam Wilson Chief Operating Officer
2025
$ 369,891
$ 1,431,979
—
$ 498,265
$ 111,889
$ 2,412,024

2024
$ 75,384
—
$ 693,847
$ 77,130
$ 60,868
$ 907,229

2023
—
—
—
—
—
—

Rachel Silverstein General Counsel, Global
2025
$ 336,250
$ 344,195
—
$ 297,102
$ 28,580
$ 1,006,127

2024
$ 37,500

$ 166,494
$ 15,994
$ 159,290
$ 379,278

2023
—
—
—
—
—
—

Jeffrey Lucas Former Chief Financial Officer
2025
$ 455,594
$ 3,602,923
$ 207,375
$ 458,888
$ 65,046
$ 4,789,826

2024
$ 436,026
$ 401,750
$ 401,882
$ 260,844
$ 46,667
$ 1,547,169

2023
$ 418,843
$ 289,000
$ 1,866,785
$ 221,189
$ 27,066
$ 2,822,883

(1) Amounts
in the ’Salary’ column represents base salaries paid to NEOs. Any change in salary
during 2025 was made retroactive to January 1, 2025.

(2) Amounts
reported in the ’Stock Awards’ columns represent the aggregate grant date fair
value of share-based awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation—Stock
Compensation, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. For PSU awards, the amounts
reported reflect the grant date fair value at target performance (100% achievement of the
applicable Performance Criteria). If PSUs were to vest at maximum payout levels, the aggregate
grant date fair value for each NEO would be as follows: Mr. Gagnon, $6,751,945, Mr. Mir,
N/A, Mr. Wilson, $2,391,655, Ms. Silverstein, $574,865 and Mr. Lucas, $1,801,259. All of Mr.
Lucas’s PSUs were forfeited upon his separation from employment. As of December 31,
2025, Mr. Lucas held 285,700 vested shares and 380,000 unvested shares of the 2025 Awards
valued at $1,564,395 as of December 31, 2025.

(3) For
Option Awards, grant date fair values for Options are calculated using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. The assumptions used in these calculations are set forth in the notes
to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2025 (or 2024, as applicable). These amounts reflect the accounting cost recognized by
the Company for these awards and do not correspond to the actual value that may be realized
by the NEO.

(4) Amounts in the ‘Non-Equity Incentive Plan Comp’ column
represent annual STIP cash incentive awards earned for performance during the applicable fiscal year

(5) ‘All Other Compensation’
includes the following items pursuant to Item 402(c)(2)(ix) of Regulation S-K where applicable based on the actual additional cost
incurred by us in providing the perquisite or other

personal benefit:

Name
Subsidiary Director Fees
Employer Paid Health Insurance
Home Office Allowance
401(k) Contribution
Unpaid Vacation Days
Tax Equalization
Consulting Fees
Total Other Compensation

Mr. Gagnon
$ 26,423
$ 6,524
$ 6,179

$ 37,302

$ 76,446

Mr. Wilson

$ 6,000
$ 14,000

$ 76,905
$ 14,984
$ 111,889

Ms. Silverstein
$ 8,580

$ 6,000
$ 14,000

$ 28,580

Mr. Lucas
$ 15,600

$ 6,000
$ 2,852
$ 40,594

$ 65,046

105

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards for Fiscal Year 2025

Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity
Incentive Plan Awards (1)

Estimated Future Payouts
Under Equity Incentive
Plan Awards (2)

All Other
Stock
Awards:
Number of
Shares
of Stock

All Other

Exercise
or Base
Price of
Option
Awards

Closing Price on Date of
Fair
Value of
Equity

Name

Grant Date

Minimum
($)

Target
($)

Maximum
($)

Minimum

Target

Maximum

or Units
(3)

Options
(4)

($/Sh)
(5)

Grant

($/Sh)

Awards
(6)

Benjamin Gagnon

$
0

$
891,776

$
1,783,552

7/10/25

0

1,940,214

3,880,428

646,738

$
2,729,518

Jonathan Mir

$
0

$
86,593

$
173,186

10/13/25

0

250,000

$
4.28

5.39
$
531,600

Liam Wilson

$
0

$
374,988

$
749,976

7/10/25

0

687,818

1,375,636

229,273

$
981,287

Rachel Silverstein

$
0

$
202,800

$
405,600

7/10/25

0

165,326

330,652

55,109

$
235,865

Jeffrey Lucas

$
0

$
458,888

$
917,776

7/10/25

0

841,710

1,683,420

285,700

$
1,206,328

10/27/2025

$
0

$
0

$
0

0

0

0

380,000

$
1,725,200

12/31/25

$
0

$
0

$
0

0

0

0

285,700

87,500

$
2.20

2.35
$
878,770

(1) ‘Estimated
Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards’ represents the minimum (0%),
target (100%), and maximum (200%) STIP cash award opportunities for fiscal year 2025 for
each applicable NEO, expressed in U.S. dollars. Based on the achievement of certain personal
and Company performance goals, the executive can receive anywhere between 0% and 200% of
the target amount. For 2025, the executives were awarded 133% of the target amount.

(2) ‘Estimated
Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards’ represents the minimum (0%), target
(100%), and maximum (200%) number of Common Shares that may be issued upon vesting of PSU
awards granted during fiscal year 2025, based on the applicable Performance Criteria. For
Mr. Lucas, his PSUs were forfeited upon his separation of employment.

(3) ‘All
Other Stock Awards’ represents the number of RSUs granted to each NEO during fiscal
year 2025. Each RSU entitles the holder to receive one Common Share upon vesting, subject
to the applicable Restriction Period. RSUs vest in equal one-third installments on the first,
second, and third anniversaries of the Grant Date. For Mr. Lucas, the 380,000 RSUs awarded
10/27/2025 represents a grant as compensation for Mr. Lucas to remain a consultant for the
Company through March 31, 2026 whereupon the RSUs will vest in full, and the 285,700 RSUs
awarded 12/31/2025 represents the accelerated vesting of unvested RSUs upon his separation
of employment.

106

(4) ‘All
Other Option Awards’ represents the number of Options granted to each NEO during fiscal
year 2025, each exercisable to acquire one Common Share. For Mr. Lucas, the 87,500 options
awarded 12/31/2025 set forth above represents the accelerated vesting of unvested options
upon his separation of employment.

(5) The
exercise price of Options represents the Current Market Price on the Grant Date, being the
five-day VWAP of the Common Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately preceding
the Grant Date. Option grants are awarded with an exercise price in Canadian Dollars and
have been converted to U.S. Dollars based on a spot exchange rate.

(6) Grant
date fair value amounts in the final column are calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
718. For Options, fair value is computed using the Black-Scholes model. For RSUs and PSUs,
fair value is based on the closing price of the Common Shares on the TSX on the Grant Date.
PSU fair values are reported at target performance.

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table

The
following narrative disclosure provides additional context regarding the material factors necessary to understand the information reported
in the tables above.

● Employment
Agreements : The material terms of each continuing NEOs employment agreement, including
base salary, bonus opportunity, and severance provisions, are described under ‘Employment
Agreements’ above. Each NEOs compensation as reported in the Summary Compensation Table
reflects the terms of the applicable employment arrangement.

● Equity
Award Vesting : RSUs granted during fiscal year 2025 vest in equal one-third installments
on the first, second, and third anniversaries of the applicable Grant Date, subject to continued
employment. PSUs earned and vest upon achievement of the applicable Performance Criteria
within the specified Performance Cycle, as determined by the Board on the Determination Date.
Options vest in accordance with the schedule specified in the applicable Award Agreement,
subject to a minimum 12-month Restriction Period.

● PSU
Performance Conditions : The Performance Criteria applicable to PSU awards granted
in fiscal year 2025 are established by the Board at the time of grant and specified in the
applicable Award Agreement. Achievement of Performance Criteria is assessed by the Board
on the Determination Date following the end of the applicable Performance Cycle.

● Option
Repricing and Modifications : There was no repricing or material modifications of
Options during fiscal year 2025.

● Performance
Target Modifications : No material waivers or modifications of performance targets
were made during fiscal year 2025.

● Compensation
Mix : Base salary represents the fixed component of total NEO compensation. STIP cash
awards and equity-based LTIP grants represent the variable, performance-linked components.
The Compensation Committee intends for a substantial portion of total target direct compensation
for each NEO to be at risk and contingent upon performance outcomes.

CEO
Pay Ratio

● Pursuant
to the requirements of Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, we determined the relationship between
the annual total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and the median of the annual
total compensation of all other employees of the Company. We believe that the pay ratio
disclosed below is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u)
of Regulation S-K. SEC rules for identifying the median employee and calculating the pay
ratio allow companies to apply various methodologies and assumptions, and, as a result, the
pay ratio reported by us may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported by other companies.

● For
fiscal year 2025, our Chief Executive Officer was Benjamin Gagnon. Mr. Gagnon’s annual
total compensation for fiscal year 2025 was $5,729,352, as reported in the Summary Compensation
Table above.

● The
median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the Company (other than the
CEO) for fiscal year 2025 was $78,624, calculated in the same manner.

● Based
on this information, for fiscal year 2025, the ratio of the annual total compensation of
our CEO to the median of the annual total compensation of all other employees was 73 to 1.

● We
identified the median employee by examining 2025 total compensation for all individuals who
were employed by us on December 31, 2025. We included all individuals employed by us on December
31, 2025, whether employed on a full-time or part-time basis, and excluded independent contractors.

107

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2025

Name
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
(#) (1)
Exercisable
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Unexercised
Options
(#)
Unexercisable
Option
Exercise
Price
($)
Option
Expiration
Date
Number of
Share Units of
Stock That
Have Not
Vested
(#) (1)
Market
Value of
Shares or
Units of
Stock That
Have Not
Vested
($) (3)
Equity
Incentive
Plan
Awards:
Number of
Unearned
Shares,
Units or
Other
Rights That
Have Not
Vested
(#) (2)
Equity
Incentive
Plan Awards:
Market or
Payout Value of
Unearned
Shares, Units
or Other
Rights That
Have Not
Vested
($) (3)

Benjamin Gagnon

646,738
$ 1,519,834

1,940,214
$ 4,559,503

375,000
125,000
2.21
9/30/2029

250,000

2.80
12/22/2028

50,000

1.01
6/30/2028

200,000

0.40
12/27/2027

312,500

1.79
5/19/2027

125,000

5.94
12/8/2026

500,000

3.66
6/26/2026

Jonathan Mir
62,500
187,500
4.28
10/13/2030

Liam Wilson

229,273
$ 538,792

687,818
$ 1,616,372

262,500
87,500
2.21
9/30/2029

250,000
-
2.24
8/23/2029

Rachel Silverstein
108,750
36,250
2.21
9/30/2029

55,109
$ 129,506

165,326
$ 388,516

Jeffrey Lucas
350,000

2.21
6/30/2028

400,000

2.80
6/30/2028

1,450,000

1.38
6/30/2028

125,000

0.40
6/30/2028

600,000

1.79
6/30/2028

380,000
$ 893,000

(1) The
vesting dates for unvested Options and stock awards (RSUs and PSUs) are described in the
applicable Award Agreements. RSU vesting dates are the first, second, and third anniversaries
of the applicable Grant Date. PSU vesting dates are determined on a three-year cliff basis
upon achievement of the applicable Performance Criteria for the applicable Performance Cycle.
Vesting occurs on the determination date following the end of the Performance Cycle.

(2) PSU
awards vest upon satisfaction of Performance Criteria as established in the applicable Award
Agreement and determined by the Board on the Determination Date.

(3) The
market value of unvested stock awards (RSUs) and unearned equity incentive plan awards (PSUs)
is calculated based on the closing price of the Common Shares on Nasdaq on December 31, 2025,
of $2.35. PSU amounts are reported at target performance levels.

No Options or stock awards held by the NEOs as of December 31, 2025
have been transferred other than for value. All Options reported are subject to the terms of the LTIP and the applicable Award Agreement,
including provisions regarding vesting, exercise, and treatment upon termination and Change of Control, as described above.

108

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2025

Option
Awards
Stock
Awards

Name
Number
of Shares
Acquired on
Exercise (#)
Value
Realized
on Exercise ($) (1)
Number
of Shares
Acquired on
Vesting (#)
Value
Realized
on Vesting ($) (2)

Benjamin
Gagnon
440,000
$ 476,036
287,333
$ 573,704

Jonathan
Mir

Liam
Wilson

Rachel
Silverstein

Jeffrey
Lucas

572,236
$ 903,679

(1) The
value realized on exercise of Options was computed as the difference between the market price
of the Common Shares on the TSX at the time of exercise and the applicable exercise price,
multiplied by the number of Options exercised.

(2) The
value realized on vesting of RSUs was computed as the closing price of the Common Shares
on the TSX on the applicable vesting date multiplied by the number of shares acquired upon
vesting.

No
amounts realized upon exercise or vesting were deferred by any NEO.

Amounts
are reported in U.S. dollars. For awards originally denominated in Canadian dollars, values have been converted using the exchange rate
in effect on the applicable exercise or vesting date.

Pension
Benefits

We
do not maintain any defined benefit pension plans in which the NEOs participate. We have no pension or retirement plan other than the
employer-sponsored group retirement savings plans described under ‘Retirement Benefits’ above.

Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation in Fiscal Year 2025

We
do not maintain a nonqualified deferred compensation plan for the NEOs. We do offer DSUs to the Board members, however, no one
has elected to accept such awards.

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control

The
Company has entered into employment agreements with certain NEOs that provide for payments upon termination of employment under various
circumstances, including following a change in control of the Company.

Termination
Scenarios:

The
following scenarios may trigger payments to NEOs:

● Termination
without Cause

● Termination
for Good Reason

● Termination
following Change in Control

● Death

● Disability

● Voluntary
Resignation

● Retirement

Change
of Control is defined in the LTIP to include: (i) any transaction whereby a Person or group of two or more Persons acting jointly or
in concert acquires beneficial ownership or control of 50% or more of the voting securities of the Company; (ii) the sale, assignment,
or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; (iii) the consummation of a complete dissolution or liquidation
of the Company; (iv) the occurrence of a transaction requiring shareholder approval whereby the Company is acquired through consolidation,
merger, exchange of securities, purchase of assets, amalgamation, or statutory arrangement; or (v) a majority of the Board being replaced
during any twelve-month period by directors not endorsed by a majority of the Board.

109

Outstanding
equity awards held by Mr. Gagnon are subject to accelerated vesting upon a qualifying termination following a Change of Control in accordance
with the terms of the LTIP. Upon termination without cause (outside of a Change of Control context), outstanding unvested RSUs and Options
held by Mr. Gagnon become fully vested and exercisable in accordance with the terms of the LTIP. Mr. Gagnon has entered into a non-competition
and non-disclosure agreement with the Company that remains in effect following any termination of employment.

Estimated
Payments:

The
following table shows the estimated payments that would be made to each NEO assuming termination occurred on December 31, 2025:

Name
Termination
Due to Death
or Disability
Termination
Due to
Retirement
Termination
without
Cause or for
Good Reason
Termination
without
Cause or for
Good Reason
following a
Change in
Control

Benjamin Gagnon
—
—
$ 9,396,194
$ 9,396,194

Jonathan Mir
—
—
$ 957,776
$ 1,835,364

Liam Wilson
—
—
$ 749,976
$ 3,380,598

Rachel Silverstein
—
—
$ 371,800
$ 1,066,645

Cash
severance amounts for each NEO are calculated based on the applicable employment agreement severance multiple applied to the NEOs annual
base salary as of December 31, 2025. Equity acceleration values are calculated based on the number of unvested awards subject to acceleration
multiplied by the closing price of the Common Shares on December 31, 2025. Former NEO Jeffrey Lucas is not included in the forward-looking
termination scenarios table as he was no longer employed by the Company as of December 31, 2025; information regarding actual severance
paid to this individual is reported in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2025 above.

Assumptions:

The
amounts shown in the table are based on the following material assumptions:

● Termination
date of December 31, 2025

● Stock
price of $2.35 (closing price on December 31, 2025)

Non-Employee
Director Compensation

The
total fiscal year 2025 compensation of our non-employee directors is shown in the following table. Mr. Gagnon serves as a director
and as our Chief Executive Officer, but he has not received and does not receive any additional compensation for services provided as
a director.

Name
Fees
Earned
or Paid in
Cash ($)
Stock
Awards ($) (1)
Total
($)

Andrew J. Chang
$ 84,567
$ 142,591
$ 227,158

Wayne Duso
$ 13,859
$ 96,105
$ 109,964

Amy Freedman
$ 98,616
$ 142,591
$ 241,207

Edith Hofmeister
$ 133,033
$ 142,591
$ 275,624

Brian Howlett
$ 136,088
$ 142,591
$ 278,679

Fanny Philip
$ 142,006
$ 142,591
$ 284,597

(1) Amounts
reported in the ’Stock Awards’ column represent the aggregate grant date fair
value of share-based awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation—Stock
Compensation, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. The assumptions used in these
calculations are set forth in the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.

110

(2) As
of December 31, 2025, our non-employee directors held the following number of stock and Options:

Name
Options (#)
RSU (#)

Andrew J. Chang
210,000
178,685

Wayne Duso
150,000
-

Amy Freedman
210,000
178,685

Edith Hofmeister
280,000
178,685

Brian Howlett
553,750
178,685

Fanny Philip
210,000
178,685

Our
non-employee directors earn an annual base cash retainer of $100,000, with the exception of the Chairman of the Board who earns an annual
base cash retainer of $150,000. We pay an annual retainer in lieu of separate meeting fees. In addition to the retainer, in 2025 directors
who chaired a committee earned an additional $20,000, with the exception of the Chair of the Audit Committee who earned an additional
$30,000. Each non-employee director who sat on a committee earned an additional $6,000 per year. Non-employee directors are reimbursed
for expenses of meeting attendance, if any. No non-employee director received perquisites or other personal benefits in 2025, having
a total value of $10,000 or more, or had a different compensation arrangement than as described herein. In addition to annual cash payments,
in 2025 each non-employee director received an equity grant in the form of Restricted Stock Units valued at $140,000 (calculated pursuant
to FASB ASC Topic 718). Grants of equity awards supplement the cash compensation paid to our non-employee directors and serve to increase
their identification with the interests of our stockholders through equity ownership.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

All equity compensation awards outstanding and
available for future grants under the LTIP are as set forth in the following table, which summarizes information about our equity compensation
plans as of December 31, 2025. The only equity compensation plan in effect as of December 31, 2025, is the LTIP (the new omnibus plan
approved at the June 30, 2025 annual meeting), which superseded the Old LTIP. All awards currently outstanding under the Old LTIP continue
to be governed by its terms.

Plan Name:
Bitfarms Ltd. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “LTIP”), approved by shareholders on June 30, 2025, as successor to the Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “Old LTIP”), last approved by shareholders on April 16, 2024.

Securities Authorized:
The LTIP is a 10% rolling plan under which the aggregate number of Common Shares available for issuance at any given time shall not exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares at the time of any grant.

Securities Outstanding:
The number of Common Shares issuable pursuant to outstanding awards under the LTIP and Old LTIP as of December 31, 2025, is set forth in the equity compensation plan information table below.

Weighted Average Exercise Price:
The weighted average exercise price of outstanding Options as of December 31, 2025, is set forth in the equity compensation plan information table below.

Securities Available for Future Issuance:
As of December 31, 2025, the number of Common Shares remaining available for future issuance under the LTIP (calculated as 10% of outstanding Common Shares less outstanding awards) is set forth in the equity compensation plan information table below.

Material Plan Terms:
The material terms of the LTIP are described under ‘Long-Term Incentive Compensation’ above. Awards under the LTIP include Options, RSUs, PSUs, and DSUs. The LTIP was approved by the Board on May 13, 2025, and by shareholders at the June 30, 2025, annual meeting, with unallocated entitlements approved until May 23, 2028.

111

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (#)
Weighted
Average Exercise
Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights ($)
Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (#)

Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Shareholders (1)
25,032,817 (2)
1.51 (3)
35,125,183 (4)

Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders
Nil
Nil
Nil

Total
25,032,817
1.51
35,125,183

(1)
Consists of the Old LTIP, the LTIP and the Stronghold Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Stronghold Plan”). No new securities are being issued under the Old LTIP and under the Stronghold Plan.

(2)
Consists of 15,949,817
Common Shares subject to outstanding RSUs and Options granted under the Old LTIP and 9,083,000 Common Shares subject to outstanding
RSUs, PSUs (assuming a target payout) and Options under the LTIP, each outstanding as of December 31, 2025.

(3)
Weighted average exercise
price of outstanding options under the Old LTIP and the LTIP.

(4)
Consists of shares available
for future grant under the current LTIP.

Beneficial
Security Ownership Table

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of March 27, 2026, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Shares by
(i) each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our Common Shares, (ii) by each of our
current directors and named executive officers as identified herein, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group.
Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the Common Shares, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Common
Shares and non-qualified stock options (“Options”) exercisable into Common Shares within sixty (60) days of the date of this
document, are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the Options, but are not treated as outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise noted, the address for all officers and directors
listed below is 120 Broadway, Suite 1075, New York, New York, 10004.

Title of Class

Beneficial Holders

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership

Percent of Class

Directors and Named Executive Officers

Common Shares

Benjamin Gagnon

3,441,770

*

Common Shares

Jonathan Mir

125,000

*

Common Shares

Liam Wilson

600,000

*

Common Shares

Rachel Silverstein

146,390

*

Common Shares

Edith Hofmeister

505,001

*

Common Shares

Brian Howlett

683,696

*

Common Shares

Fanny Philip

375,685

*

Common Shares

Amy Freedman

264,568

*

Common Shares

Andrew J. Chang

373,685

*

Common Shares

Wayne Duso

75,000

*

Common Shares

Jeffrey Lucas

3,876,982

*

Common Shares

Current Directors and NEOs as a group

10,467,777

*

5% Holders

Common Shares

Jane Street Group, LLC (1)

33,552,042

5.6
%

’*’ means the shares owned by the NEO or Director represented less than 1%
of the total issued and outstanding shares.

(1) Jane Street
Group, LLC filed with the SEC a Schedule 13G on February 12, 2026, (and this disclosure is based entirely
on this filing) reporting that it or certain of its affiliates beneficially owned in the aggregate
33,552,042 shares as of December 31, 2023, for which it had no sole voting power, shared voting power
for 33,552,042 shares, no sole dispositive power, and shared dispositive power for 33,552,042 shares.

112

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

Related
Party Transactions

There were no “Related Party Transactions”
since January 1, 2025. Related Party Transactions are transactions (or a series of similar transactions) in which the Company is a participant,
the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a “Related Party” had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other
than Board or executive officer compensation arrangements specified in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act). “Related
Parties” are Bitfarms’ directors, director nominees, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5% of our Common Shares,
any immediate family members of the foregoing and any firm, corporation, charitable organization or other entity in which any of the persons
listed above is an officer, general partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a beneficial ownership interest
of 10% or more.

In connection with the U.S. Redomiciliation, we expect to adopt a new
Related Persons Transactions Policy.

Director
Independence

Under
the listing requirements and rules of the Nasdaq, we are required to have a majority of independent directors on the Board, and our
Audit Committee and Compensation Committee are required to consist fully of independent directors. The Board has undertaken a review
of the independence of each director and, based on information provided by each non-employee director concerning their background,
employment and affiliations, the Board determined that Edith Hofmeister, Andrew J. Chang, Wayne Duso, Amy Freedman, Brian Howlett,
Fanny Philip do not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of director and that each of these directors is “independent” as that term is defined under Nasdaq
rules.

In
making these determinations, the Board considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with the Company
and all other facts and circumstances the Board deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership
of Bitfarms securities by each such non-employee director or affiliated entities, and their involvement in any transactions described
under the heading “Related Party Transactions.”

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Fees
for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm for the last two fiscal years include:

For
the Year
ended
December 31,
2025
For
the Year
ended
December 31,
2024

Audit Fees (1)
$ 2,383,509
$ 2,047,744

Audit-Related Fees (2)
$ 85,892
$ 261,352

Tax Fees (3)
$ —
$ —

All Other Fees (4)
$ —
$ 14,601

Total
$ 2,469,401
$ 2,323,697

Audit Fees. Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end
financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered
public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related
to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported
under “Audit Fees.” These services consisted primarily of file quality review
fees and fees for the review of quarterly financial statements, related documents and consent
letters.

Tax Fees. Tax
fees consist of fees billed for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning professional
services. These services included reviewing tax returns and assisting in responses to government
tax authorities.

All Other
Fees. All
other fees consist of fees billed for all other services including permitted due diligence
services related to a potential business combination.

113

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and
Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors

The
Audit Committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition
of this responsibility, the Audit Committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services
to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the Audit Committee charter. In 2025 and 2024, all services performed by our independent registered
public accounting firm for us and our subsidiaries have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See “Index to Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data” herein.

Exhibits:
The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

Incorporated
by Reference

Exhibit
Number

Description

Form

File
No.

Filing
Date

Exhibit No.

Filed
Herewith

2.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 21, 2024 by and among Bitfarms Ltd., Backbone Mining Solutions LLC, Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. and HPC & AI Megacorp, Inc.

F-4

333-282657

January 21, 2025

2.1

2.2

Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 12, 2024

F-4

333-282657

January 21, 2025

2.2

2.3

Arrangement Agreement

6-K

001-40370

February 19, 2026

99.1

3.1

Articles of Continuance of Bitfarms Ltd.

8-A

001-40370

July 30, 2024

3.1

3.2

By-laws of Bitfarms Ltd.

8-A

001-40370

July 30, 2024

3.2

4.2

Description of Securities

X

4.3

Shareholder Rights Plan Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2024

8-A

001-40370

July 30, 2024

4.1

4.4

Form of Rights Certificate

8-A

001-40370

July 30, 2024

4.1

4.5

Note Indenture dated October 21, 2025 by and among Bitfarms Ltd., Computershare Trust Company, N.A. as trustee and Computershare Trust Company of Canada as Canadian co-trustee, relating to the 1.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031

6-K

001-40370

October 22, 2025

99.1

4.6

Form of Note Representing 1.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.5)

6-K

001-40370

October 22, 2025

99.1

10.1*†

Employment Agreement between the Company and Ben Gagnon

X

10.2*†

Employment Agreement between the Company and Jonathan Mir

X

10.3*†

Employment Agreement between the Company and Liam Wilson

X

10.4*†

Employment Agreement between the Company and Rachel Silverstein

X

10.5*

Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan

S-8

333-285894

March 19, 2025

4.3

10.6*

Amendment No. 1 to the Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan

S-8

333-285894

March 19, 2025

4.4

10.7*

Amendment No. 2 to the Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan

S-8

333-285894

March 19, 2025

4.5

10.8*

Amendment No. 3 to the Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan

S-8

333-285894

March 19, 2025

4.6

10.9*

Bitfarms Ltd. Long Term Incentive Plan as amended on March 3, 2022, January 15, 2024 and April 16, 2024

S-8

333-278868

April 22, 2024

4.3

114

Incorporated
by Reference

Exhibit
Number

Description

Form

File
No.

Filing
Date

Exhibit No.

Filed
Herewith

10.10*

Bitfarms Ltd. Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated June 30, 2025

X

10.11

Form of Capped Call Confirmation

6-K

001-40370

October 22, 2025

99.2

10.12

Voting Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Bitfarms Ltd. and certain stockholders of Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.

F-4

333-282657

January 21, 2025

10.2

10.13

TRA Waiver and Termination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Bitfarms Ltd., Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. and certain stockholders of Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.

F-4

333-282657

January 21, 2025

10.3

10.14

Conversion Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Bitfarms Ltd., Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc. and Stronghold Series C preferred stockholders

F-4

333-282657

January 21, 2025

10.4

10.15

Custodial Services Agreement, dated April 21, 2021, by and between Backbone Hosting Solutions Inc. and Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC.

6-K

001-40370

May 20, 2022

99.5

10.16

Master Custody Service Agreement, dated August 1, 2023, by and between Anchorage Digital Bank N.A. and Backbone Hosting Solutions Inc.

6-K

001-40370

March 7, 2024

99.2

10.17

Service Agreement, dated September 18, 2023, by and among between Bitfarms Ltd. and Foundry USA Pool

6-K

001-40370

November 11, 2023

99.1

10.18

Foundry USA Pool Payout Methodology, dated as at March 6, 2024

6-K

001-40370

March 7, 2024

99.1

10.19

Settlement Agreement, dated September 23, 2024, by and between Bitfarms Ltd. and Riot Platforms, Inc.

6-K

001-40370

September 23, 2024

99.1

10.22

Share Purchase Agreement dated March 17, 2025 by and among Bitfarms Ltd., Hive Holdings Paraguay 1 Ltd., Hive Holdings Paraguay 2 Ltd., Hive Digital Technologies, Ltd. and Backbone Hosting Solutions Inc.

6-K

001-40370

June 10, 2025

99.1

19.1

Insider Trading Policy

X

21.1

Subsidiaries of Registrant

X

23.1

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm

X

31.1

Principal Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)

X

31.2

Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)

X

32.1**

Certification required by Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code

X

32.2**

Certification required by Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code

X

97.1*

Clawback Policy

X

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document

X

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

X

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

X

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

X

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

X

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

X

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File

X

* Management
contract or compensation plan or arrangement

** Furnished
herewith

†
Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted because they are both: (i)
not material; and (ii) of the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential.

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary.

None.

115

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

BITFARMS LTD.

Date: March 31, 2026
/s/
Benjamin Gagnon

By:
Benjamin Gagnon

Chief Executive Officer and
Director

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Benjamin Gagnon, Jonathan Mir and Rachel Silverstein and each or any one
of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and
to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitutes
or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/s/
Benjamin Gagnon

Name:
Benjamin Gagnon

Title:
Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal
Executive Officer)

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Jonathan Mir

Name:
Jonathan Mir

Title:
Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer)

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Marc-André Ammann

Name:
Marc-André Ammann

Title:
(Principal Accounting Officer)

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Edith Hofmeister

Name:
Edith Hofmeister

Title:
Director and Chair of the Board

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Brian Howlett

Name:
Brian Howlett

Title:
Director

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Fanny Philip

Name:
Fanny Philip

Title:
Director

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Amy Freedman

Name:
Amy Freedman

Title:
Director

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Andrew J. Chang

Name:
Andrew J. Chang

Title:
Director

Date:
March 31, 2026

/s/
Wayne Duso

Name:
Wayne Duso

Title:
Director

Date:
March 31, 2026

116