SOURCE: [url withheld] host=sec.gov
FORM: S-3ASR
FILED: 2026-04-07
ACCEPTED: 2026-04-07T20:20:11.000Z
ITEMS: 
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-08-10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

S-3ASR
1
ea0285203-s3asr_keelinfra.htm
REGISTRATION STATEMENT

As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2026

Registration
No. 333-

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
S-3

REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER

THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

Keel
Infrastructure Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

41-4266374

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer
Identification Number)

120
Broadway, Suite 1075
New York, NY 10004
(929) 264-5151

(Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)

Rachel
Silverstein

General
Counsel, Secretary

Keel
Infrastructure Corp.

120
Broadway, Suite 1075
New York, New York 10004

(929)
264-5151
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)

Copy
to:

Ryan
J. Dzierniejko, Esq.

Skadden,
Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

One
Manhattan West

New
York, New York 10001

Telephone:
(212) 735-3000

Facsimile:
(212) 735-2000

From
time to time after this registration statement becomes effective.

(Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public)

If
the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check
the following box. ☐

If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following
box. ☒

If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐

If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
☐

If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective
upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☒

If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register
additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box.
☐

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller
reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ☐

Large accelerated filer
☐
Accelerated filer

☒

Non-accelerated
filer
☐
Smaller reporting company

☐

Emerging growth company

☐

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐

Prospectus

KEEL
INFRASTRUCTURE CORP.

Common
Stock

Preferred
Stock

Depositary
Shares

Warrants

Subscription
Rights

Purchase
Contracts

Purchase
Units

We
may offer, issue and sell, together or separately, from time to time in one or more offerings:

● shares
of our common stock;

● shares
of our preferred stock, which may be issued in one or more series;

● depositary
receipts, representing fractional shares of our preferred stock, which are called depositary
shares;

● warrants
to purchase shares of our common stock or shares of our preferred stock;

● subscription
rights to purchase shares of our common stock or shares of our preferred stock;

● purchase
contracts to purchase shares of our common stock or shares of our preferred stock; and

● purchase
units, each representing ownership of a purchase contract and preferred
securities or debt obligations of third-parties, including U.S. treasury securities, or any
combination of the foregoing, securing the holder’s obligation to purchase our common stock
or other securities under the purchase contracts.

Certain
selling securityholders to be identified in supplements to this prospectus may offer and sell these securities from time to time.

We
will provide the specific prices and terms of these securities in one or more supplements to this prospectus at the time of offering.
You should read this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement carefully before you make your investment decision.

This
prospectus may not be used to sell securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement.

Investing
in our securities involves a number of risks. See “Risk Factors” on page 2 before you make your investment
decision.

We
or a selling securityholder may offer securities through underwriting syndicates managed or co-managed by one or more underwriters or
dealers, through agents or directly to purchasers. If required, the prospectus supplement for each offering of securities will describe
the plan of distribution for that offering. For general information about the distribution of securities offered, please see “Plan
of Distribution” in this prospectus.

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”)
and the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) under the trading symbol “KEEL.” On April 6, 2026, the last reported
sale price of our common stock as reported on Nasdaq and the TSX was $2.16 and C$3.00 per share, respectively. Each prospectus supplement
will indicate whether the securities offered thereby will be listed on any securities exchange.

Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

The
date of this prospectus is April 7, 2026

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS
ii

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
iii

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
iv

THE COMPANY
1

RISK FACTORS
2

USE OF PROCEEDS
3

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
3

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK
3

DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES
8

DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS
9

DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS
10

DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS AND PURCHASE UNITS
11

SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS
11

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
12

LEGAL MATTERS
12

EXPERTS
12

i

ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS

This
prospectus is part of an “automatic shelf” registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) as a “well-known seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”), using a “shelf” registration process. Under this process, we or a selling securityholder
may offer and sell from time to time any combination of the securities described in this prospectus. This prospectus only provides you
with a general description of the securities that we or a selling securityholder may offer. Each time we or a selling securityholder
sell securities, we or a selling securityholder will provide a supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about
the terms of that offering, including the specific amounts, prices and terms of the securities offered. The prospectus supplement may
also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read both this prospectus, any accompanying
prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us, together with the additional information described
under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.”

Neither
we nor any selling securityholder has authorized anyone to provide you with any information other than that contained in or incorporated
by reference into this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of
us or any selling securityholder. Neither we nor any selling securityholder takes any responsibility for, and can provide no assurance
as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. Neither we nor any selling securityholder is making offers
to sell the securities in any jurisdiction in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making such offer
or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation.

You
should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any document incorporated by reference
is accurate only as of the date of the applicable documents, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of securities.
Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date.

Bitfarms Ltd. (“Bitfarms”)
was founded in 2017 and was publicly traded on the Nasdaq and TSX under the ticker symbol “BITF”. On April 1, 2026, Bitfarms
completed a U.S. redomiciliation, pursuant to which shareholders of Bitfarms exchanged their shares of Bitfarms for shares of a newly
formed public company incorporated in the State of Delaware, Keel Infrastructure Corp.

When
used in this prospectus, the terms “Keel Infrastructure Corp.,” “Keel,” the “Company,” “we,”
“our” and “us” refer to Keel Infrastructure Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified or
the context otherwise requires.

ii

WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC’s website
at http://www.sec.gov. We make available, free of charge on our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 14 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these documents with, or furnish them to, the SEC.
These documents are posted on our website at www.keelinfra.com.

The
SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, which
means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information
incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, except for any information
superseded by information contained directly in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement, any subsequently filed document
deemed incorporated by reference or any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us. This prospectus and any accompanying
prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that we have previously filed with the SEC (other than information
deemed furnished and not filed in accordance with SEC rules, including Items 2.02 and 7.01 of Form 8-K).

● Bitfarms’ Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed by Bitfarms with the SEC on March 31, 2026;

● Keel’s Current Reports on Form
8-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2026 and April 3, 2026 ; and

● the
description of our common stock contained in Keel’s Current Report on Form 8-K , filed with the
SEC on April 1, 2026, and any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such
description.

All
documents filed by us pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this prospectus and before
the termination of the offering also shall be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. We are not, however, incorporating by reference
any documents or portions thereof that are not deemed “filed” with the SEC, including any information furnished pursuant to
Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K.

Upon
written or oral request, we will provide to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a prospectus is delivered, a copy of
any or all of the information that has been incorporated by reference in the prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus. Exhibits
to the filings will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference into such documents.
To obtain a copy of these filings at no cost, you may write or telephone us at the following address:

Keel
Infrastructure Corp.

120
Broadway, Suite 1075, New York, NY 10004

(929)
264-5151

iii

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement and any documents incorporated by reference contain statements that are “forward-looking”
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Forward-looking
statements can often be identified by the use of forward-looking language such as “may,” “should,” “believes,”
“expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “estimates,” “intends,” “projects,” “goals,”
“objectives,” or other similar expressions. Our actual results, performance or achievements could be materially different from
the results expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking statements.

By
their very nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual
results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the risks
described in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and any documents incorporated by reference, including the “Risk
Factors” sections of this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and our reports and other documents filed with the
SEC, and such forward-looking statements included in this prospectus should not be unduly relied upon. When considering forward-looking
statements, you should keep in mind the risks, uncertainties and other cautionary statements made in this prospectus, any accompanying
prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference.

Although
we believe that the plans, intentions, expectations, assumptions and strategies reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable,
these statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying
assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements.
In addition, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time,
and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements. No
forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future results. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not
to unduly rely upon these statements.

There
can be no assurance that other factors not currently anticipated by us will not materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made by us or on
our behalf. Please take into account that forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this prospectus or, in the case of
any accompanying prospectus supplement or documents incorporated by reference, the date of any such document. Except as required by applicable
law, we do not undertake any obligation to publicly correct or update any forward-looking statement.

iv

THE
COMPANY

Keel
is a North American digital and energy infrastructure company that develops, owns, and plans to operate data centers and energy infrastructure
for HPC and AI workloads. We currently maintain our legacy North American bitcoin mining operations to help fund our operations and development
efforts.

Our
mission is to deliver the infrastructure and energy required to support high-performance computing and artificial intelligence workloads.
We have a portfolio of assets that include owned and operated power generation facilities with collocated bitcoin mining data centers,
established grid interconnections within the wholesale electricity market administered by PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. in Pennsylvania,
and 100% renewable hydroelectric capacity in Canada and Washington State. Our infrastructure assets represent a 2.2 GW power capacity
pipeline, comprising 648 MW of secured capacity and 1,513 MW of planned capacity in development, located across our U.S. sites and our
Québec sites. Currently, our infrastructure assets are deployed to support our bitcoin mining activities. We are developing our
infrastructure assets to support high-performance computing data center operations and expect to continue such development in the coming
years.

Our
principal executive office is located at 120 Broadway, Suite 1075, New York, NY 10004 and our telephone number is (929) 264-5151. We
maintain a website at www.keelinfra.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any accompanying
prospectus supplement, and you should not consider it a part of this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement.

1

RISK
FACTORS

Investing
in our securities involves risk. You should carefully consider the risks incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated by
reference into this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act,
and the risk factors and other information contained in any applicable prospectus supplement before acquiring any such securities. The
risks and uncertainties described in our SEC filings are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are
unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any
such risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected, the market price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. See “Where
You Can Find More Information” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

2

USE
OF PROCEEDS

Except
as otherwise set forth in any accompanying prospectus supplement, we expect to use the net proceeds from the sale of securities for general
corporate purposes, including the financing of our operations.

Unless
set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement, we will not receive any proceeds in the event that securities are sold by a selling
securityholder.

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES

This
prospectus contains summary descriptions of our common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, subscription rights, purchase
contracts and purchase units that may be offered and sold from time to time. These summary descriptions are not meant to be complete
descriptions of each security. The particular terms of any security to be issued pursuant hereto will be set forth in a related prospectus
supplement and/or free writing prospectus. This prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and/or free writing prospectus
will contain the material terms and conditions for each security.

DESCRIPTION
OF Keel CAPITAL STOCK

The following summary description
of the Keel capital stock is based on the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”), our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (the “Keel Certificate”), and our bylaws (the “Keel Bylaws”). This description does
not purport to be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the full text of the DGCL, as it may be amended from
time to time, the provisions of the Keel Certificate and the Keel Bylaws, as each may be amended from time to time, which are incorporated
by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. See “Where You Can Find More Information.”
As used in this “Description of Keel Capital Stock,” the terms “Keel,” the “Company”, “we,”
“our” and “us” refer to Keel Infrastructure Corp., a Delaware corporation, and do not, unless otherwise specified,
include our subsidiaries.

General

Keel’s authorized capital
stock consists of 1,500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value US$0.001 per share (the “common stock”), and 120,000,000
shares of class A preferred stock, par value US$0.001 per share (the “preferred stock”).

Common
Stock

Voting
Rights

Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share
on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative
voting rights in the election of directors. Accordingly, in an uncontested election, holders of a majority of the voting shares are able
to elect all of the directors.

Dividends

Subject to preferences that
may be applicable to any then outstanding holders of Keel preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends,
if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors of Keel (“Keel Board”) out of legally available funds.
Under the DGCL, the Keel Board may declare and pay a dividend to holders common stock out of surplus or, if there is no surplus (as defined
and computed in accordance with the DGCL), out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared or the immediately
preceding fiscal year, or both. Dividends may be paid in cash, in common stock or in other property. Declaration and payment of any dividend
is subject to the discretion of the Keel Board. Each quarter the Keel Board will review Keel’s dividend in light of Keel’s
other financial commitments before declaring the dividend. Any decision to pay dividends on the common stock in the future will be made
by the Keel Board on the basis of Keel’s earnings, financial requirements, provisions of the DGCL affecting the payment of distributions
to stockholders and other factors existing at such future time.

3

Liquidation

In
the event of Keel’s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net
assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of Keel’s debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction
of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. If a dissolution is authorized,
a certificate of dissolution must be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

Rights
and Preferences

Holders of common stock have
no pre-emptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to common
stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights
of the holders of shares of any series of Keel preferred stock that we may designate in the future.

Fully
Paid and Non-assessable

All
outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid
and non-assessable.

Preferred
Stock

The Keel Certificate authorizes the Keel Board to issue Keel preferred
stock in one or more series and to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of any shares of Keel preferred stock that
it shall choose to issue, without vote or action by the stockholders, subject to certain limitations on voting and other rights set forth
in the Keel Certificate.

Annual
Stockholder Meetings

The
Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws provide that annual stockholder meetings are held at a date, place (if any) and time, as exclusively
selected by the Keel Board. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may but are not obligated to conduct meetings by remote
communications, including by webcast.

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of the Keel Certificate, the Keel Bylaws and Delaware Law

Some
provisions of the DGCL, the Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws could make the following transactions difficult: acquisition of Keel by
means of a tender offer; acquisition of Keel by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; and removal of incumbent officers and directors
of Keel. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders
may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in the best interests of Keel, including transactions that might result in a premium
over the market price for our common stock.

These
provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are
also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of Keel to first negotiate with the Keel Board. We believe that the benefits
of protection to Keel’s potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure
Keel outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement
of their terms.

4

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Statutes

Keel
is subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits persons deemed “interested stockholders” from engaging in a “business
combination” with a publicly held Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders
unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed
manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally, an “interested stockholder” is a person who, together with affiliates
and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15% or more of a corporation’s
voting stock and a “business combination” includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial
benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions
not approved in advance by the Keel Board, such as discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price
of our common stock.

Undesignated
Preferred Stock

The
ability to authorize undesignated Keel preferred stock makes it possible for the Keel Board to issue preferred stock with voting or other
rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of Keel. These and other provisions may have the
effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of Keel.

Special
Stockholder Meetings

The
Keel Bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Keel Board or by two or more stockholders holding
at least 15% of the capital stock of the Company issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on the matter for which the special
meeting is called.

Requirements
for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals

The
Keel Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as
directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Keel Board or a committee of the Keel Board.

Stockholder
Action by Unanimous Written Consent

The
Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws provide for the right of stockholders to act by unanimous written consent without a meeting.

Composition
of the Board of Directors; Election and Removal of Directors; Filling Vacancies

The
Keel Board consists of not less than one nor more than 10 directors. In any elections of directors, a director nominee for the Keel Board
is elected by a plurality of the votes cast with respect to such director by the shares represented and entitled to vote at a meeting
of the stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, voting together as a single class. The directors of Keel
are elected until the expiration of the term for which they are elected and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified.

The
directors of Keel may be removed only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the holders of the issued and outstanding capital
stock of the Company entitled to vote in the election of directors. Furthermore, any vacancy on the Keel Board, however occurring,
including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the board, may be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then
in office, even if less than a quorum, by the sole remaining director, or by a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders. This system
of electing and removing directors and filling vacancies may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of Keel, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors.

5

Choice
of Forum

The
Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws provide that, except for claims for which the U.S. federal courts have jurisdiction, unless Keel consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us
arising pursuant to the DGCL, the Keel Certificate or the Keel Bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against Keel that is governed
by the internal affairs doctrine. Although the Keel Certificate contains the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible
that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable.

Amendment
of the Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws

The
amendment of any of the provisions in the Keel Certificate requires approval by a stockholder vote by the holders of at least a majority
of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock voting as a single class. The Keel Bylaws may be amended by the Keel Board or
by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock voting as a single class.

The
provisions of the DGCL, the Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers
and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual
or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in the management of Keel. It is
possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in
their best interests.

Limitations
of Liability and Indemnification Matters

The
Keel Certificate contains provisions that limit the liability of the directors and officers of Keel for monetary damages to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, Keel directors and officers are not personally liable to Keel or its stockholders for
monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for:

● any
breach of the director’s or officer’s duty of loyalty to Keel or its stockholders;

● any
act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

● unlawful
payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL; or

● any
transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit.

6

Each
of the Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify the directors and officers of Keel, in each case to
the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The Keel Bylaws also obligate us to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance
of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee
or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted
to indemnify him or her under the DGCL. We have entered into agreements with the Keel directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by the Keel
Board. With specified exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys’
fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain
qualified persons as directors and officers. Keel also maintains directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in the Keel Certificate and Keel Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing
a lawsuit against Keel directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation
against Keel directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit Keel and its stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage.

Uncertificated
Shares

Holders
of common stock do not have the right to require Keel to issue certificates for their shares. Keel only issues uncertificated shares
of common stock, provided that the Keel Board may provide by resolution that some or all of the shares of any class or series of stock
of Keel shall be represented by certificates.

No
Sinking Fund

The
shares of Keel common stock have no sinking fund provisions.

Stock Exchange Listing

The shares of Keel common
stock are listed on the Nasdaq and the TSX under the symbol “KEEL.”

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar
for the shares of Keel common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company.

7

DESCRIPTION
OF DEPOSITARY SHARES

We may offer depositary receipts representing
fractional shares of our preferred stock, rather than full shares of preferred stock. The shares of preferred stock represented by depositary
shares will be deposited under a depositary agreement between us and a bank or trust company that meets certain requirements and is selected
by us (the “Bank Depositary”). Each owner of a depositary share will be entitled to all the rights and preferences of the
preferred stock represented by the depositary share.

The description in an accompanying prospectus
supplement of any depositary shares we offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its entirety by reference to the
applicable depositary agreement, which will be filed with the SEC if we offer depositary shares. For more information on how you can obtain
copies of any depositary agreement if we offer depositary shares, see “Where You Can Find More Information.” We urge you to
read the applicable depositary agreement and any accompanying prospectus supplement in their entirety.

Dividends and Other Distributions

If we pay a cash distribution or dividend on a
series of preferred stock represented by depositary shares, the Bank Depositary will distribute such dividends to the record holders of
such depositary shares. If the distributions are in property other than cash, the Bank Depositary will distribute the property to the
record holders of the depositary shares. However, if the Bank Depositary determines that it is not feasible to make the distribution of
property, the Bank Depositary may, with our approval, sell such property and distribute the net proceeds from such sale to the record
holders of the depositary shares.

Redemption of Depositary Shares

If we redeem a series of preferred stock represented
by depositary shares, the Bank Depositary will redeem the depositary shares from the proceeds received by the Bank Depositary in connection
with the redemption. The redemption price per depositary share will equal the applicable fraction of the redemption price per share of
the preferred stock. If fewer than all the depositary shares are redeemed, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot
or pro rata as the Bank Depositary may determine.

Voting the Preferred Stock

Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which
the holders of the preferred stock represented by depositary shares are entitled to vote, the Bank Depositary will mail the notice to
the record holders of the depositary shares relating to such preferred stock. Each record holder of these depositary shares on the record
date, which will be the same date as the record date for the preferred stock, may instruct the Bank Depositary as to how to vote the preferred
stock represented by such holder’s depositary shares. The Bank Depositary will endeavor, insofar as practicable, to vote the amount
of the preferred stock represented by such depositary shares in accordance with such instructions, and we will take all action that the
Bank Depositary deems necessary in order to enable the Bank Depositary to do so. The Bank Depositary will abstain from voting shares of
the preferred stock to the extent it does not receive specific instructions from the holders of depositary shares representing such preferred
stock.

Amendment and Termination of the Depositary
Agreement

The form of depositary receipt evidencing the
depositary shares and any provision of the depositary agreement may be amended by agreement between the Bank Depositary and us. However,
any amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of depositary shares will not be effective unless such amendment
has been approved by the holders of at least a majority of the depositary shares then outstanding. The depositary agreement may be terminated
by the Bank Depositary or us only if (1) all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed or (2) there has been a final distribution
in respect of the preferred stock in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company and such distribution has
been distributed to the holders of depositary receipts.

Withdrawal of Preferred Stock

Except as may be provided otherwise in an accompanying
prospectus supplement, upon surrender of depositary receipts at the principal office of the Bank Depositary, subject to the terms of the
depositary agreement, the owner of the depositary shares may demand delivery of the number of whole shares of preferred stock and all
money and other property, if any, represented by those depositary shares. Partial shares of preferred stock will not be issued. If the
depositary receipts delivered by the holder evidence a number of depositary shares in excess of the number of depositary shares representing
the number of whole shares of preferred stock to be withdrawn, the Bank Depositary will deliver to such holder at the same time a new
depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of depositary shares. Holders of withdrawn preferred stock may not thereafter deposit
those shares under the depositary agreement or receive depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares therefor.

8

DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS

We may issue warrants for
the purchase of shares of our common stock or shares of preferred stock. We may issue warrants independently or together with other securities,
and they may be attached to or separate from the other securities. Each series of warrants is expected to be issued under a separate warrant
agreement that we will enter into with a bank or trust company, as warrant agent, as detailed in an accompanying prospectus supplement.
The warrant agent will act solely as our agent in connection with the warrants and will not assume any obligation, or agency or trust
relationship, with you.

The prospectus supplement
relating to a particular issue of warrants will describe the terms of those warrants, including, when applicable:

● the offering price;

● the currency or currencies, including composite currencies, in which the purchase price and/or exercise
price of the warrants may be payable;

● the number of warrants offered;

● the exercise price and the amount of securities you will receive upon exercise;

● the procedure for exercise of the warrants and the circumstances, if any, that will cause the warrants
to be automatically exercised;

● the rights, if any, we have to redeem the warrants;

● the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and the date on which the warrants
will expire;

● the name of the warrant agent; and

● any other material terms of the warrants.

After warrants expire they
will become void. The prospectus supplement may provide for the adjustment of the exercise price of the warrants.

Warrants may be exercised
at the appropriate office of the warrant agent or any other office indicated in an accompanying prospectus supplement. Before the exercise
of warrants, holders will not have any of the rights of holders of the securities purchasable upon exercise and will not be entitled to
payments made to holders of those securities.

The description in an accompanying
prospectus supplement of any warrants we offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its entirety by reference to
the applicable warrant agreement, which will be filed with the SEC if we offer warrants. For more information on how you can obtain copies
of any warrant agreement if we offer warrants, see “Where You Can Find More Information.” We urge you to read the applicable
warrant agreement and any accompanying prospectus supplement in their entirety.

9

DESCRIPTION
OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS

We may issue
subscription rights to purchase shares of our common stock or shares of our preferred stock. We may issue
subscription rights independently or together with any other offered security, which may or may not be transferable by the
stockholder. In connection with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement with one or more
underwriters or other purchasers pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to purchase any securities
remaining unsubscribed for after such offering.

The prospectus supplement
relating to any subscription rights we may offer will contain the specific terms of the subscription rights. These terms may include the
following:

● the price, if any, for the subscription rights;

● the number and terms of each share of common stock or preferred stock which may be
purchased per each subscription right;

● the exercise price payable for each share of common stock or preferred stock upon the
exercise of the subscription rights;

● the extent to which the subscription rights are transferable;

● any provisions for adjustment of the number or amount of securities receivable upon exercise of the subscription
rights or the exercise price of the subscription rights;

● any other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to
the exchange and exercise of the subscription rights;

● the date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights shall commence, and the date on which
the subscription rights shall expire;

● the extent to which the subscription rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to
unsubscribed securities; and

● if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by
us in connection with the offering of subscription rights.

The description in an accompanying
prospectus supplement of any subscription rights we offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its entirety by reference
to the applicable subscription rights certificate or subscription rights agreement, which will be filed with the SEC if we offer subscription
rights. For more information on how you can obtain copies of any subscription rights certificate or subscription rights agreement if
we offer subscription rights, see “Where You Can Find More Information.” We urge you to read the applicable subscription
rights certificate, the applicable subscription rights agreement and any accompanying prospectus supplement in their entirety.

10

DESCRIPTION
OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS AND PURCHASE UNITS

We may issue purchase contracts,
including contracts obligating holders to purchase from us, and obligating us to sell to the holders, a specified number of shares of
our common stock or shares of our preferred stock at a future date or dates, which we refer to in this prospectus as purchase contracts.
The price of the securities and the number of securities may be fixed at the time the purchase contracts are issued or may be determined
by reference to a specific formula set forth in the purchase contracts, and may be subject to adjustment under anti-dilution formulas.
The purchase contracts may be issued separately or as part of units consisting of a stock purchase contract and our preferred securities
or debt obligations of third parties, including U.S. treasury securities, or any combination of the foregoing, securing the holders’
obligations to purchase the securities under the purchase contracts, which we refer to herein as purchase units. The purchase contracts
may require holders to secure their obligations under the purchase contracts in a specified manner. The purchase contracts also may require
us to make periodic payments to the holders of the purchase contracts or the purchase units, as the case may be, or vice versa, and those
payments may be unsecured or pre-funded in whole or in part.

The description in an accompanying
prospectus supplement of any purchase contract or purchase unit we offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its
entirety by reference to the applicable purchase contract or purchase unit, which will be filed with the SEC if we offer purchase contracts
or purchase units. For more information on how you can obtain copies of any purchase contract or purchase unit we may offer, see “Where
You Can Find More Information.” We urge you to read the applicable purchase contract or applicable purchase unit and any accompanying
prospectus supplement in their entirety.

SELLING
SECURITYHOLDERS

Selling
securityholders are persons or entities that, directly or indirectly, have acquired or will from time to time acquire from us, our securities
in various private transactions. Such selling securityholders may be parties to a registration rights agreement with us, or we otherwise
may have agreed or will agree to register their securities for resale. The initial purchasers of our securities, as well as their transferees,
pledgees, donees or successors, all of whom we refer to as “selling securityholders,” may from time to time offer and sell
the securities pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement.

The
applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the name of each selling securityholder and the number of and type of securities beneficially
owned by such selling securityholder that are covered by such prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement also will disclose
whether any of the selling securityholders have held any position or office with, have been employed by or otherwise have had a material
relationship with us during the three years prior to the date of the prospectus supplement.

11

PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION

We or the selling securityholders
may sell the securities being offered hereby in one or more of the following ways from time to time:

● to or through agents, dealers or underwriters;

● directly to one or more purchasers;

● through ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

● through an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

● by pledge to secure debts and other obligations;

● through block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of
the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

● through purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

● through privately negotiated transactions;

● through a combination of any of these methods; or

● through any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

In addition, we or the selling
securityholders may enter into derivative or hedging transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus
to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. In connection with such a transaction, the third parties may sell securities covered
by and pursuant to this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement. If so, the third party may use securities borrowed from
us or the selling securityholders or others to settle such sales and may use securities received from us to close out any related short
positions. We or the selling securityholders may also loan or pledge securities covered by this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus
supplement to third parties, who may sell the loaned securities or, in an event of default in the case of a pledge, sell the pledged securities
pursuant to this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement.

We and/or the selling securityholders
will identify the specific plan of distribution, including any underwriters, dealers, agents or direct purchasers and their compensation
in a prospectus supplement.

LEGAL
MATTERS

Unless otherwise indicated in any accompanying
prospectus supplement, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP will provide opinions regarding the authorization and validity of
the securities. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP may also provide opinions regarding certain other matters. Any underwriters
will be advised about legal matters by their own counsel, which will be named in an accompanying prospectus supplement.

EXPERTS

The financial statements and management’s
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is included in Management’s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting) of Bitfarms incorporated in this Registration Statement by reference to the Annual Report
on Form 10-K of Bitfarms for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

12

PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.

The following table sets forth the expenses to
be borne by the registrant in connection with the offerings described in this registration statement.

Securities and Exchange Commission Registration Fee

$
*

Accounting Fees and Expenses

$
**

Legal Fees and Expenses

$
**

Printing Fees

$
**

Transfer Agents and Trustees’ Fees and Expenses

$
**

Rating Agency Fees

$
**

Stock Exchange Listing Fees

$
**

Miscellaneous

$
**

Total

$
–

* Unknown because the filing fee is being deferred pursuant to
Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the Securities Act.

** Fees and expenses will depend on the number and nature of the
offerings, and cannot be estimated at this time. An estimate of the aggregate expenses in connection with the issuance and distribution
of securities being offered will be included in any applicable prospectus supplement.

Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

The registrant is a Delaware corporation. Reference
is made to Section 102(b)(7) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), which enables a corporation
in its certificate of incorporation to eliminate or limit the personal liability of a director or officer for monetary damages to stockholders
for violations of the director’s or officer’s fiduciary duty, except:

● for any breach of a director’s or officer’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders;

● for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

● pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL (providing for liability of directors for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases
or redemptions);

● for any transaction from which a director or officer derived an improper personal benefit; or

● for any action of an officer by or in the right of the corporation.

The registrant’s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation limits the personal liability of a director or officer to the registrant and its stockholders for monetary damages for
a breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL.

Reference is also made to Section 145 of the DGCL,
which provides that a corporation may indemnify any persons, including directors and officers, who are, or are threatened to be made,
parties to any threatened, pending or completed legal action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(other than an action by or in the right of such corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of such corporation or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation or enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in
settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, provided such director,
officer, employee or agent acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that the person’s
conduct was unlawful. A Delaware corporation may indemnify directors and officers in an action by or in the right of the corporation under
the same conditions, except that no indemnification is permitted without judicial approval if the director or officer is adjudged to be
liable to the corporation unless a court believes that in light of all the circumstances indemnification should apply. Where a director
or officer is successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action referred to above, the corporation must indemnify him
or her against the expenses that such director or officer actually and reasonably incurred. The indemnification permitted under the DGCL
is not exclusive, and a corporation is empowered to purchase and maintain insurance against liabilities whether or not indemnification
would be permitted by statute.

The registrant’s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for indemnification of its directors and officers to the fullest extent currently permitted by the
DGCL. The registrant also has indemnification agreements with its directors and officers. In addition, the registrant maintains liability
insurance for its directors and officers.

In connection with an offering of the securities
registered hereunder, the registrant may enter into an underwriting agreement which may provide that the underwriters are obligated, under
certain circumstances, to indemnify directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act.

II- 1

Item 16. List of Exhibits.

The Exhibits to this registration statement are
listed in the Exhibit Index on page II-2.

Exhibit No.

Description of Exhibits

1.1*

Form of Underwriting Agreement.

2.1

Arrangement Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by Bitfarms Ltd. on March 31, 2026)

3.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Keel Infrastructure Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2026)

3.2

Bylaws of Keel Infrastructure Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant’s Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2026)

4.2 *

Form of Certificate of Designations with respect to any preferred stock issued hereunder.

4.3 *

Form of Depositary Agreement (including form of Depositary Receipt).

4.5 *

Form of Warrant Agreement (including form of Warrant Certificate).

4.6 *

Form of Subscription Rights Agreement (including form of Subscription Rights Certificate).

4.7 *

Form of Purchase Contract Agreement (including form of Purchase Contract Certificate).

4.8 *

Form of Purchase Unit Agreement (including form of Purchase Unit Certificate).

5.1

Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.

23.1

Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm.

23.2

Consent of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).

24.1

Powers of Attorney (included on signature pages hereto).

107

Filing Fee Table

* To be filed by amendment to the Registration Statement or incorporated
by reference from documents filed or to be filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Item 17. Undertakings.

The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

(1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:

(i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;

(ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar
value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum
offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes
in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation
of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement;

(iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
or any material change to such information in the registration statement;

provided, however, that paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) of this section
do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed
with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are
incorporated by reference in this registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is
part of this registration statement;

(2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

(3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering.

II- 2

(4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser:

(i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of
the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in this registration statement; and

(ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance
on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required
by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in this registration statement as of the earlier
of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering
described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter,
such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement
to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of this registration statement
or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into this registration statement or prospectus that is part of
this registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify
any statement that was made in this registration statement or prospectus that was part of this registration statement or made in any such
document immediately prior to such effective date.

(5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial
distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant
pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities
are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to
the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:

(i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule
424;

(ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to
by the undersigned registrant;

(iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant
or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and

(iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.

The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that,
for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant
to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s
annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration
statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other
than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the
successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in
the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

II- 3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement on Form S-3 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
in the City of New York, State of New York, on April 7, 2026.

KEEL INFRASTRUCTURE CORP.

By:
/s/ Benjamin Gagnon

Name:
Benjamin Gagnon

Title:
Chief Executive Officer

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated.
Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Benjamin Gagnon, Jonathan Mir and Rachel Silverstein and each of them
severally, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, each acting along with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments (including post-effective
amendments) and exhibits to the registration statement on Form S-3, and to any registration statement filed under SEC Rule 462, and to
file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorney-in-fact
and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this registration statement on Form S-3 has been signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated on April 7,
2026.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Benjamin Gagnon

Chief Executive Officer and Director

April 7, 2026

Benjamin Gagnon

/s/ Jonathan Mir

Chief Financial Officer (Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

April 7, 2026

Jonathan Mir

/s/ Marc-Andre Ammann

Executive Vice President Finance & Accounting (Principal Accounting
Officer)

April 7, 2026

Marc-Andre Ammann

/s/ Edith Hofmeister

Independent Director and Chair of the Board of Directors

April 7, 2026

Edith Hofmeister

/s/ Brian Howlett

Independent Director

April 7, 2026

Brian Howlett

/s/ Fanny Philip

Independent Director

April 7, 2026

Fanny Philip

/s/ Amy Freedman

Independent Director

April 7, 2026

Amy Freedman

/s/ Andrew J. Chang

Independent Director

April 7, 2026

Andrew J. Chang

/s/ Wayne Duso

Independent Director

April 7, 2026

Wayne Duso

II- 4