SOURCE: [url withheld] host=sec.gov
FORM: DEF 14A
FILED: 2026-03-26
ACCEPTED: 2026-03-26T13:00:27.000Z
ITEMS: 
FENCE: filed strictly before 2026-08-06
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant    ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant    ☐

Check the appropriate box:

☐
Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐
Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒
Definitive Proxy Statement

☐
Definitive Additional Materials

☐
Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12

CURTISS-WRIGHT
CORPORATION

(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if
other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒
No fee required.

☐
Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

(1)
Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

(2)
Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

(3)
Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):

(4)
Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

(5)
Total fee paid:

☐
Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐
Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2)
and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

(1)
Amount Previously Paid:

(2)
Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

(3)
Filing Party:

(4)
Date Filed:

Dear Valued Stockholder:

You are cordially invited to attend the annual
meeting of stockholders of Curtiss-Wright Corporation to be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at Homewood Suites by Hilton, 125 Harbour
Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, commencing at 1:00 p.m. local time (the “Annual Meeting”).

We intend to hold the Annual Meeting in person
again this year. The proxies that we solicit give you the opportunity to vote on all scheduled matters that come before the annual
meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend, you can be sure that your shares are represented by promptly voting and submitting
your proxy by phone or by internet as described in the following materials. If you want proxy materials mailed to you, you can
make a request by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. Please refer
to the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement for further important information about the Annual Meeting.

The Notice of Annual Meeting and the Proxy Statement,
which follow this letter, provide information concerning matters to be considered and acted upon at the annual meeting. We will
present a brief report on our business followed by a question-and-answer period at the annual meeting.

In accordance with rules adopted by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, we are using the internet as our primary means of furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders.
Accordingly, most stockholders will not receive paper copies of our proxy materials. We will instead send our stockholders a notice
with instructions for accessing the proxy materials and voting electronically over the internet or by telephone. The notice also
provides information on how stockholders may request paper copies of our proxy materials. We believe electronic delivery of our
proxy materials will help us reduce the environmental impact and costs of printing and distributing paper copies and improve the
speed and efficiency by which our stockholders can access these materials.

We are resolutely focused on strengthening our
culture and our workplace—putting greater emphasis on talent acquisition and development, and the employee experience. We
are committed to ensuring our business practices are sustainable, and we will do our part to support the ongoing initiatives, so
the state of our planet and our communities are healthier tomorrow than they are today.

Finally, on behalf of the entire Curtiss-Wright
family, I wish to thank Dean M. Flatt, who will retire from the Board just prior to our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. Mr.
Flatt is retiring with more than 13 years of distinguished service and leadership at Curtiss-Wright. I congratulate Mr. Flatt on
his retirement and thank him for his leadership, counsel, and friendship.

On behalf of your Board of Directors, management,
and our employees, I would like to express our appreciation for your investment and continued support. I look forward to your participation
in the Annual Meeting.

Sincerely,

Lynn M. Bamford

Chair and Chief Executive Officer

CURTISS-WRIGHT
CORPORATION

130 Harbour Place
Drive, Suite 300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036

NOTICE OF ANNUAL
MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To the holders of the common stock of Curtiss-Wright Corporation:

Notice is hereby given that the annual meeting of stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”)
of Curtiss-Wright Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), will be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at Homewood
Suites by Hilton, 125 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, commencing at 1:00 pm local time, for the following
purposes:

(1)
To elect the nine director nominees named herein;

(2)
To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting
firm for 2026;

(3)
To approve on an advisory basis the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers; and

(4)
To consider and transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting.

Only record holders of the Company’s common stock at the close of business on
March 13, 2026, the record date for the Annual Meeting, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. A list of
stockholders will be available for examination by any stockholder(s) at the Annual Meeting and during normal business hours at
the offices of the Company, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, during the ten days preceding
the Annual Meeting date.

The Company cordially invites all stockholders to attend the Annual Meeting in person.
Stockholders who plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person are nevertheless requested to vote their shares electronically over
the Internet, by telephone, or if you receive a proxy card in the mail, by signing, dating and returning the proxy card in the
postage-paid envelope provided, to make certain that their vote will be represented at the Annual Meeting should they be prevented
unexpectedly from attending.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

March 26, 2026
George P. McDonald

Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary

IMPORTANT: WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND
THE ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE PROMPTLY SUBMIT YOUR PROXY ELECTRONICALLY OVER THE INTERNET OR BY TELEPHONE, OR IF YOU RECEIVE A PAPER
PROXY CARD, PLEASE FILL IN, SIGN AND PROMPTLY RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE

Important Notice Regarding
the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on Thursday, May 7, 2026. A Notice and Proxy Statement
and combined Business Review/2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K to security holders are available at: www.proxyvote.com .

[This Page Intentionally Left Blank]

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROXY SUMMARY

1

Voting Matters and Vote Recommendations

1

Director Nominees

2

Corporate Governance Highlights

3

2025 Financial Performance Highlights

3

Executive Compensation Practices Highlights

4

Corporate Sustainability

5

PROXY STATEMENT

9

Purpose

9

Internet Availability of Proxy Materials

9

Information Concerning the Annual Meeting

9

PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

12

General Information

12

Overview of Curtiss-Wright’s Current Board of Directors

13

Director Nominee Skills

13

Information Regarding Nominees

15

Family Relationships

24

Certain Legal Proceedings

24

Compensation of Directors

24

STRUCTURE AND PRACTICES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

24

Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct

24

Meetings of the Board

25

Communication with the Board

26

Director Independence

26

Board Committees

27

Board and Board Committees Self-Evaluation Process

29

Board Leadership Structure

30

Board Role in Risk Oversight

31

Board Oversight of ESG

33

Board Role in Strategic Oversight

34

Succession Planning

34

Director Onboarding and Education

35

Stockholder Nominations for Directors

35

Board Membership Criteria and Selection Process for Director Nominees

36

Board Tenure

37

Board Member Time Commitments

38

Stockholder Engagement

38

Audit Committee Report

39

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

41

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

62

PAY RATIO DISCLOSURE RULE

69

PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE

70

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

75

PROPOSAL TWO: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF
THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

79

PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE
COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY’S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

81

HOUSEHOLDING OF ANNUAL
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS

82

DEADLINE FOR RECEIPT OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS
FOR 2027 ANNUAL MEETING

83

2025 ANNUAL REPORT ON
FORM 10-K

83

OTHER MATTERS WHICH MAY
BE PRESENTED FOR ACTION AT THE MEETING

84

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

Disclosures in this Proxy Statement may be deemed to contain “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “continue,” “could,”
“estimate,” “expects,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “outlook,”
“potential,” “predict,” “should,” “will,” as well as the negative of any of the
foregoing or variations of such terms or comparable terminology, or by discussion of strategy. No assurance may be given that
the future results described by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. While the Company believes these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, they are only predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors,
many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results, performance or achievement to differ materially from anticipated
future results, performance or achievement expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition, other risks,
uncertainties, assumptions, and factors that could affect our results and prospects are described under the heading “Item
1A. Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and elsewhere in that report, and may further be described in our prior
and future filings with the SEC and other written and oral statements made or released by the Company.

Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and the Company assumes
no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in or additions to the factors affecting
such forward-looking statements.

PROXY
SUMMARY

The following is a summary that highlights information contained
elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all the information you should consider, and before voting, you
are urged to carefully read the entire Proxy Statement.

Voting Matters and Vote Recommendations

The Company currently expects to consider
three items of business at the 2026 Annual Meeting. The following table lists those items of business and the Board’s
vote recommendation.

Proposal
Board
Recommendation
Reasons
for Recommendation
More

Information

(1)   Election
of the nine director nominees named herein to a one-year term
FOR ALL
The Board and the Committee on Directors and Governance believe the nominees
possess the skills, experience, and qualifications to effectively monitor performance, provide oversight and support management’s
execution of the Company’s long-term strategy.
Page 12

(2)   Ratification of the independent registered public accounting firm
FOR
Based on their assessment, the Board and the Audit Committee believes that the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP
is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.
Page 79

(3)   Advisory
vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers
FOR
The Company’s executive compensation
program incorporates several compensation governance best practices and reflects the Company’s commitment to pay for
performance.
Page
81

Director Nominees

The Company believes
that all Director Nominees who are being voted on at the Annual Meeting are highly qualified and vital members of a well-rounded,
experienced Board. Set forth below is summary information concerning the Company’s Director Nominees.

Name
Age
Director
Since
Principal
Occupation
Independent

Lynn M. Bamford
62
2021
Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Curtiss-Wright Corporation
No

Bruce D. Hoechner
66
2017
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Rogers Corporation
Yes

Jeffrey J. Lyash
63
N/A
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Tennessee Valley Authority
Yes

Glenda J. Minor
69
2019
Chief Executive Officer and Principal, Silket Advisory Services
Yes

Anthony J. Moraco
66
2021
Former Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors, Science Applications International Corporation
Yes

Admiral (Ret.) William F. Moran
67
2023
President, WFM Advisors, LLC; Former Vice Chief of Naval Operations
Yes

Robert J. Rivet
72
2011
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and Administrative Officer, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Yes

Peter C. Wallace
71
2016
Former Chief Executive Officer, Gardner Denver Inc.
Yes

Lieutenant General (Ret.) Larry D. Wyche
68
2023
Chief Executive Officer, Wyche Leadership and Supply Chain Consulting; Former Deputy Commanding General, U.S. Army Materiel
Command
Yes

2

Corporate Governance Highlights

The Company is committed to good corporate governance, which promotes
the long-term interests of stockholders, strengthens Board and executive leadership accountability, and helps build public trust
in the Company. As part of this commitment, the Board has adopted best practices in corporate governance, including the following:

Board Independence

-
8 out of 9 director nominees are independent

-
100% independent key Board committee members (Audit Committee, Committee on Directors and Governance, Executive Compensation Committee, and Finance Committee)

-
Chair and CEO is the only management Director nominee

Lead Independent Director

-
Consults with Chair regarding setting Board meeting agendas, and consults with all Board committees

-
Serves as liaison between the Chair and the independent directors

-
Facilitates communication between and among the independent directors and management

-
Presides at all Board meetings where the Chair is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors

-
Is available, when appropriate, for consultation and direct communication with stockholders

-
Coordinates annual Board performance review of Chief Executive Officer

-
Leads the discussion of Board’s self-assessment and evaluation of results

Board Practices

-
Annual election of directors

-
Annual Board and committee evaluations

-
Regular executive sessions of non-management directors

-
Board participation in executive succession planning

-
Annual review of Committee Charters and Corporate Governance Principles

-
Full Board is responsible for risk oversight and the Board committees oversee certain key risks

-
The Board oversees senior management in its assessment and mitigation of risks, and in taking appropriate risks

Other Best Practices

-
Comprehensive Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance Principles

-
Anti-hedging and anti-pledging policy

-
Annual Say-on-Pay Vote

-
Robust “clawback” policies for Incentive Compensation, including the adoption of an incentive compensation clawback policy for Section 16 officers pursuant to Dodd-Frank in the event of certain accounting restatements

-
Robust stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers

-
Strong pay-for-performance philosophy

-
Succession Planning Process

2025 Financial Performance Highlights

The dedication of Curtiss-Wright employees to serving its customers
and meeting the Company’s commitments to stakeholders drove very strong performance in fiscal 2025, with strong increases
in sales, operating margin, earnings per share, and free cash flow. In 2025, the Company’s three-year total shareholder return
(TSR) ranked in the 93 rd percentile against the Company’s peer group. TSR is the change in the Company’s
common stock price plus dividends from the beginning of the measurement period to the end (three years, 1/1/2023 to 12/31/2025).
The Company’s 2025 financial performance as measured under the Company’s executive compensation plans were as follows:

-
Adjusted organic Sales Growth of 11.6%.

-
Adjusted Operating Margin of 18.5%; and

-
Working Capital as a percentage of Sales of 19.2%.

3

The Company’s financial performance includes adjustments referenced
in the Company’s fourth quarter 2025 earnings release furnished to the SEC on February 12, 2026. The Company’s financial
performance above excludes the performance of any acquisitions consummated during the performance period.

Executive Compensation Practices Highlights

The
Executive Compensation Committee is firmly committed to implementing a compensation program that aligns management and stockholder
interests, encourages executives to drive sustainable stockholder value creation, and helps retain key personnel. In 2025, the
Company received over 92% stockholder support for the Company’s “Say-on-Pay” vote, which the Executive Compensation
Committee considers to be among the most important items of feedback about the Company’s executive compensation program.
The Company recognizes and rewards its executive officers through compensation arrangements that directly link their pay to the
Company’s performance, and the Company ensures a strong alignment of interests with its stockholders by including a significant
amount of performance-based compensation in the overall mix of pay. The Company’s pay mix includes base salary, an annual
incentive cash bonus plan, and a long-term incentive plan under which the Company grants time-based restricted stock units and
performance-based cash and stock units. Key elements of the Company’s pay practices are as follows:

What Curtiss-Wright Does

What Curtiss-Wright Does not Do

-  Aligns pay and performance using measures of financial and operating performance including use of relative TSR

-  No NEO employment agreements

-  Does not engage in executive compensation practices that encourage excessive risk

-  Balances short-term and long-term incentives using multiple performance measures that focus on profitable top line
growth

-  No short sales, hedging, or pledging of Curtiss-Wright stock permitted

-  No reloading, re-pricing or backdating stock options

-  Places maximum caps on incentive payout consistent with market competitive practice

-  No tax gross-ups on change-in-control benefits for executives

-  Establishes rigorous stock ownerships guidelines for NEOs and Board members including a 50% mandatory hold on net
shares until ownership guidelines are met for NEOs

-  No dividends on unvested or unearned performance units/shares

-  No excessive perquisites

-  Maintains robust “clawback” policies for Incentive Compensation, including the adoption of an incentive
compensation clawback policy for Section 16 officers pursuant to Dodd-Frank in the event of certain accounting restatements

-  No excessive severance and/or change-in-control provisions

-  Uses an independent external compensation consultant to review and advise on executive compensation

-  Uses double trigger Change-in-Control Agreements for equity vesting under the Company’s Long Term Incentive
Plan

4

Corporate Sustainability

The Company’s business
and operations aligns with the Aerospace and Defense Global Industry Classification Standard. The Company believes that a commitment
to positive environmental, social and governance-related (“ESG”) business practices strengthens its operations, increases
the Company’s connection with all stakeholders, and helps the Company better serve its customers and the communities in
which the Company operates. The Company’s commitment to social responsibility extends to the environment, ethical business
practices, trade compliance, responsible sourcing, human rights, cybersecurity, data privacy, human capital management, labor
practices and our employees’ health and safety. More information is available within the Sustainability section of the Company’s
website at www.curtisswright.com/company/sustainability/. The Company also sees in these commitments additional ways of
creating value for the Company’s current and prospective stockholders, employees, customers and other stakeholders. The
Company demonstrates its commitments through its corporate social responsibility program (“CSR”). The CSR program
outlines the Company’s commitments, guidelines, and policies, which governs the Company’s behavior and its business
practices. To better manage the CSR program, the Company created a cross-functional executive-led ESG Council, which meets periodically,
and is responsible for updating and promoting the strategies, standards and practices that advance the Company’s CSR performance.

The CSR program consists of three inter-related activity areas that
are mutually supportive of each other:

Business
Practice

We conduct business in an environmentally conscious, socially responsible and ethical manner,
including efforts to mitigate climate change and promote sustainability, while protecting the health and safety of the
Company’s workers and community.

-      We comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety (EHS) laws and regulations
as stated in our Environmental, Health and Safety Values statement available on the Company’s website.

-      We track total recordable rate (TRR) and days away, restriction and transfer rate (DART) for
all sites worldwide. Our TRR and DART rates for 2025 were 1.22 and 0.71, respectively.

-      We encourage environmental and safety certifications for our manufacturing facilities. There
are several sites across the Company that maintain certifications to ISO 14001 and/or ISO 45001.

-      We conduct third-party EHS audits to verify that we are meeting our regulatory compliance
requirements worldwide.

-      We are focused on promoting environmental stewardship, introducing innovative processes and
technologies, and quantifying our environmental impact to maximize future generations’ ability to live, work, and
play in our shared natural environment. In 2023, we transitioned utility bill management to a third party to determine
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in accordance with industry standards and applicable regulatory reporting requirements.
In 2024, we disclosed the findings of this initial climate data, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions, and GHG
Emission Intensity, within the “Sustainability” section of the Company’s website. These emissions disclosures
are updated annually.

-      As an environmentally conscious company, we focus on and support efforts that move towards
a zero-waste future by conserving energy and water, minimizing waste and emissions, and promoting recycling and renewable
energy to reduce adverse environmental impacts.

-      We maintain a company-wide EHS Management System (EHS MS) that details required practices
to maintain a proactive risk-based approach to identify and control risks, comply with regulatory requirements, and continuously
improve performance. The EHS MS is being implemented in a phased approach and progress is measured and reported to senior
leadership via leading indicators. The EHS MS was designed to be consistent with globally recognized ISO health and safety
and environment management system requirements.

-      We utilize safe technologies, training programs, effective risk management practices, and
sound science in our operations to minimize risk to employees.

-      The Board reviews our comprehensive EHS program at least annually and receives updates and
presentations on key topics, including the Company’s health and safety performance and various emissions disclosures.

5

Business
Practice

We
believe an inclusive workforce creates a richer culture, enhances performance, and attracts
the best talent.

-      Our talented workforce is critical to driving and enabling our Pivot to Growth strategy.

-      We build a culture of inclusion with a focus on leadership, eliminating systemic barriers
and fostering engagement. We regularly conduct employee engagement pulse surveys to our global workforce concerning our
work environments.

-      We utilize on-boarding interviews and exit interviews to provide feedback regarding turnover
and employee desires for growth and development. These interviews are also utilized to identify drivers of voluntary turnover
and departures from the Company to alert us to any issues, as well as to make improvements to the employee experience.
Employee turnover rate and reasons, including voluntary and involuntary departures, are monitored annually, and reviewed
at regular intervals with the senior leadership team and Board of Directors.

-      We promote ongoing career development for employees to encourage innovation and engagement
through constructive reviews and various talent/leadership development initiatives. There are KPI dashboards and key check-in
processes between management and employees.

-      We are committed to maintaining a solid pipeline of talent and developing future leaders throughout
our organization, including a New Business Leader program, Engineering Leadership Development Program, Program Management
Development Program, SCM Professional Buyer Certification Program, and Succession Planning Program. We have also hosted
“Careers in Engineering” nearby our facilities, most recently in the United Kingdom to promote engineering
careers for adolescents, and consistently engage with local colleges and universities across our many facilities globally.
Through our partnerships with multiple universities and technical colleges, we average 200+ apprentices, co-ops, or interns
throughout the year.

-      We cultivate technical, domain expertise and collaborative thought leadership for early through
advanced career levels through our Technical Fellows program and our Innovation program. These important programs foster
our culture of innovation, fuel collaboration across diverse disciplines, and help us attract, mentor, and inspire the
next generation of talent. The Technical Fellow Program reinforces our commitment to advanced technical excellence, and
both recognizes and celebrates our colleagues who exhibit the pinnacle of Engineering capability and expertise.

-      We provide annual training to our global workforce on respect for the individual.

-      We offer a tuition reimbursement program for those employees seeking to improve or complete
their education consistent with their career paths.

-      We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for our global employee
base, guided by a strong set of core values and annual training policies outlined in our EHS Policy.

We promote employee wellness.

-      We provide our employees and their families with a variety of health and wellness programs
such as free annual biometric screening and health assessments at work or offsite, annual free flu shot clinics, a tobacco
cessation program, weight management programs and an employee assistance program, which offers advice on mental health,
legal and financial issues.

6

Business
Practice

We secure critical data that drives the development of customer solutions and protect the privacy
of our employees.

-      We comply with all applicable privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulation.

-      Our cybersecurity and data protection program includes the deployment of tools and activities
designed to prevent, detect, and analyze current and emerging cybersecurity threats, and plans and strategies to address
threats and incidents, including any associated with our use of third-party service providers.

-      We continually assess industry best practices, frameworks and standards and leverage them
to advance our cybersecurity and data protection program’s maturity.

-      We employ periodic employee simulated phishing campaigns and perform regular internal/external
security audits, vulnerability assessments, and penetration testing of our systems, products and practices affecting user
data.

-      We conduct annual training programs on data privacy, cybersecurity, and insider threats for
all employees and require annual certification that each employee has read our privacy policy.

-      Our incident response plan and cybersecurity landscape are tested annually by an external
provider.

Community
Involvement

We promote the well-being of the communities in which the Company’s employees work and live.

-      We encourage employee involvement through charitable donations and volunteer programs.

-      We support investment in education by maintaining a Company-sponsored scholarship program
for the dependent children of our employees where we fund 90 scholarships awarded to eligible individuals as selected
by a third-party provider. Direct reports to the CEO are excluded from this program.

Governance

We maintain the highest ethical standards in interactions with employees, customers, suppliers,
competitors, and the general public.

-      Our Code of Conduct includes several important provisions on human rights, including prohibitions
on human trafficking and the use of child labor or forced, bonded or indentured labor in our operations, as well as compliance
with all applicable laws, including environmental.

-      We are committed to responsible sourcing of materials for our products by not directly purchasing
conflict minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold) from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, which
are at risk of being mined and sold under the control of armed groups to finance conflict, and not having direct relationships
with mines or smelters that process these minerals. Our Conflict Minerals Policy Statement requires our suppliers to support
us in monitoring the sourcing of conflict minerals.

-      We maintain a strict supplier code of conduct that sets expectations about supplier behavior.

-      We are a multi-national organization, and as such, compliance with business ethics, anti-bribery,
and trade compliance laws is a key component of our ethics commitment to conduct business lawfully and ethically. Accordingly,
we maintain policies and conduct annual global workforce training programs requiring employee certification on ethics
and anti-bribery/trade compliance including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and UK Bribery Act, along with other
critical risk areas, and we offer a global, multi-lingual, 24/7 anonymous ethics hotline provided by a third-party provider
so employees can report ethical concerns or suspected misconduct without fear of retaliation.

-      We conduct EHS and financial audits of our facilities worldwide to ensure compliance with
all applicable laws, regulations, policies, and procedures.

-      We maintain an Integrated Risk and Compliance program aligned with industry standards and
regulatory requirements to support business objectives that integrates uniform risk management principles which are designed
to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor, and communicate risks across our operations to foster a culture
of integrity and risk awareness.

7

In support of the CSR,
the Company maintains the following policies aimed at protecting the environment, health and safety, ethics and compliance with
laws, respect for human rights, and supply chain management, all of which are available within the Governance section of the Company’s
website at https: //curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance/governance-documents or by sending a request in writing
to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036:

-
Corporate Social Responsibility

-
Code of Conduct

-
Environmental, Health and Safety Values

-
Curtiss-Wright Corporation Standards for Suppliers: Environmental, Health and Safety, and Labor and Human Resources

-
Conflict Minerals Policy Statement

-
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010

-
Code of Conduct - Suppliers and Customers

-
Human Trafficking and Slavery

-
Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement 2020

By adhering to the principles contained in the CSR program, the Company
enriches the economic, social, and environmental aspects of the communities in which its employees live and work, and provides
opportunities to enhance the profitability of the Company as well as benefit the Company’s stockholders, employees,
and customers.

8

CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION

130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite
300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036

PROXY STATEMENT

PURPOSE

This Proxy Statement is
being furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of Curtiss-Wright Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the “Company”), for use at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company (the “Annual Meeting”)
to be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 1:00 p.m. local time, at the Homewood Suites by Hilton, 125 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson,
North Carolina 28036, and at any adjournments or postponements thereof.

INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY
MATERIALS

Pursuant to the rules adopted
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the Company is furnishing proxy materials to its stockholders
primarily via the internet, rather than mailing paper copies of these materials to each stockholder. On or about March 26, 2026,
the Company will mail to each stockholder of record as of March 13, 2026 (other than those stockholders who previously had requested
paper delivery of proxy materials) a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials containing instructions on how to access
and review the proxy materials, including a notice and Proxy Statement and the Company’s combined Business Review/2025 Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials also contains instructions on how
to request a paper copy of the proxy materials. If you received a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials by mail, you
will not receive a paper copy of the proxy materials unless you request one. If you would like to receive a paper copy of the proxy
materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. You can also choose
to receive future proxy materials by email by following the instructions included in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials. This will help the Company reduce the environmental impact and costs of printing and distributing paper copies and improve
the speed and efficiency by which the Company’s stockholders can access these materials. If you choose to receive future
proxy materials by email, you will receive an email next year with instructions containing a link to those materials and a link
to the proxy-voting site. Your election to receive proxy materials by email will remain in effect until you revoke it. The Company
may at its discretion voluntarily choose to mail or deliver a paper copy of the proxy materials, including a Notice and Proxy Statement
and the combined Business Review/2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, to one or more stockholders.

INFORMATION CONCERNING THE
ANNUAL MEETING

Mailing and Solicitation.
A Notice and Proxy Statement and combined Business Review/2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and accompanying form of proxy card
attached hereto are being distributed or made available via the internet to the Company’s stockholders on or about March
26, 2026. For information about stockholders’ eligibility to vote at the Annual Meeting, please see “Record Date
and Outstanding Stock” below. The Company will pay the cost of the solicitation of proxies. The solicitation is to be
made primarily by mail but may be supplemented by telephone calls and personal solicitation by officers and other employees of
the Company. The Company will reimburse banks and nominees for their expenses in forwarding proxy materials to the Company’s
beneficial owners.

Proxies. Whether
or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, the Company requests that you vote prior to the Annual Meeting: (i) via the internet,
by following the instructions provided in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, (ii) via telephone, by following
the instructions provided in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, or (iii) via mail, by completing, signing,
dating and mailing a paper proxy card in a postage-paid return envelope, which a stockholder can request as outlined in the Notice
of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. A control number, contained in the

9

Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials,
is designed to verify your identity, and allow you to vote your shares, and confirm that your voting instructions have been properly
recorded.

If your shares are registered
directly in your name, you are the holder of record of these shares and the Company is sending a Notice of Internet Availability
of Proxy Materials directly to you. As the holder of record, you have the right to vote by one of the three ways mentioned above
or in person at the Annual Meeting. If your shares are held in “street name”, your bank, broker, or other nominee will
send to you a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. As a holder in street name, you have the right to direct your
bank, broker, or other nominee how to vote by submitting voting instructions in the manner directed by your bank, broker, or other
nominee. If you hold shares in street name and you wish to vote in person at the Annual Meeting, you must obtain a proxy issued
in your name from your bank, broker, or other nominee and bring that proxy to the Annual Meeting.

Broker non-votes.
Under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), a bank, broker, or other nominee who holds shares in
“street name” for customers is precluded from exercising voting discretion with respect to the approval of non-routine
matters (so called “broker non-votes”) in the absence of specific instructions from such customers. The (1) election
of Directors (see Proposal One) and (2) advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive
officers (See Proposal Three), are considered “non-routine” matters under applicable NYSE rules. Therefore, a bank,
broker, or other nominee is not entitled to vote the shares of Company common stock unless the beneficial owner has given instructions.
As such, there may be broker non-votes with respect to these proposals. On the other hand, the ratification of the appointment
of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 (see Proposal Two)
is considered a “routine” matter under applicable NYSE rules. Therefore, a bank, broker, or other nominee will have
discretionary authority to vote the shares of Company common stock if the beneficial owner has not given instructions and no broker
non-votes will occur with respect to this proposal.

Voting In Accordance
With Instructions. The shares represented by your properly submitted proxy received by mail, telephone, Internet, or in person
will be voted in accordance with your instructions. If you are a registered holder and you do not specify in your properly submitted
proxy how the shares represented thereby are to be voted, your shares will be voted:

(1)
“FOR” the election as Directors of the nominees proposed (see Proposal
One),

(2)
“FOR” the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent
registered public accounting firm for 2026 (see Proposal Two), and

(3)
“FOR” the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers under the
proposal regarding the advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers
(see Proposal Three).

If your shares are held
in street name and you do not specify how the shares represented thereby are to be voted, your bank, broker, or other nominee may
exercise its discretionary authority to vote on Proposal Two only.

The Board of Directors
is not aware of any other matters to be presented for action at the Annual Meeting, but if other matters are properly brought before
the Annual Meeting, shares represented by properly completed proxies received by mail, telephone, internet, or in person will be
voted in accordance with the judgment of the persons named as proxies.

Signatures in Certain
Cases. If a stockholder is a corporation or unincorporated entity such as a partnership or limited liability company, the
enclosed proxy should be signed in its corporate or other entity name by an authorized officer or person and his or her title
should be indicated. If shares are registered in the name of two or more trustees or other persons, the proxy must be signed by
a majority of them. If shares are registered in the name of a decedent, the proxy should be signed by the executor or administrator
and his or her title should follow the signature.

Revocation of Proxies.
Whether the proxy is submitted via the internet, telephone, or mail, stockholders have the right to revoke their proxies at
any time before a vote is taken. If your shares are registered in your name, you may revoke your proxy (1) by notifying the Corporate
Secretary of the Company in writing at the Company’s address given above, (2) by executing a new proxy bearing a

10

later date or by submitting a new proxy by telephone
or the internet on a later date, provided the new proxy is received by Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. before the vote, (3)
by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person, or (4) by any other method available to stockholders by law. If your shares
are held in street name, you should contact the record holder to obtain instructions if you wish to revoke your vote before the
Annual Meeting.

Record Date and Outstanding
Stock. The close of business on March 13, 2026 has been fixed as the record date of the Annual Meeting, and only stockholders
of record at that time will be entitled to vote. The only capital stock of the Company issued and outstanding is the common stock,
par value $1.00 per share (the “Common Stock”). As of March 13, 2026, there were 36,907,171 shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding constituting all the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Each stockholder
is entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held.

Quorum. The presence,
in person or by properly executed proxy, of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled
to vote at the Annual Meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting.

Required Vote.

Election of Directors :
A plurality of the Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy (and eligible to vote), at a meeting in which a quorum
is present. This means that a person will be elected who receives the first through ninth highest number of votes, even if he or
she receives less than a majority of the votes cast. However, under our corporate governance guidelines, in an uncontested election
where the only nominees are those recommended by the Board, any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes “withheld”
from his or her election than votes “for” his or her election is required to tender his or her resignation following
certification of the stockholder vote. The Committee on Directors and Governance is required to make recommendations to the Board
with respect to any such letter of resignation. The Board is required to take action with respect to this recommendation and to
disclose their decision-making process. Full details of this policy are set out under “Proposal One: Election of Directors”
on page 12 of this Proxy Statement.

Ratification of Deloitte
& Touche LLP : The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy
(and eligible to vote), at a meeting in which a quorum is present. This means that of the shares represented at the Annual Meeting
and entitled to vote, a majority of them must be voted “for” this proposal for it to be approved.

Advisory (non-binding
vote) to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers : The affirmative vote of a majority of the
shares of Common Stock present in person or represented by proxy (and eligible to vote), at a meeting in which a quorum is present.
This means that of the shares represented at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote, a majority of them must be voted “for”
this proposal for it to be approved.

Effect of Withhold
Authority Votes, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes.

Under the Delaware General
Corporation Law (under which Curtiss-Wright Corporation is incorporated), an abstaining vote and a broker non-vote are counted
as present and eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting and are, therefore, included for purposes of determining whether a quorum
is present at the Annual Meeting.

With respect to election
of directors (see Proposal One), if you “withhold” authority to vote with respect to one or more director nominees,
your shares will not be voted and will have no effect on the election of such nominees because, under plurality voting rules, the
nine director nominees receiving the highest number of “for” votes will be elected. A “withhold” vote is
not considered a vote cast in director elections. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the election of the nominees.

With respect to the ratification
of Deloitte & Touche LLP (see Proposal Two), if you “abstain” from voting with respect to this Proposal, your vote
will have the same effect as a vote “against” the Proposal. A bank, broker, or other nominee may exercise discretion
to vote shares as to which instructions are not given on this Proposal and accordingly, no “broker non-votes” will
occur with respect to this Proposal.

11

With respect to the advisory
vote to approve executive compensation (see Proposal Three), if you “abstain” from voting with respect to this Proposal,
your vote will have the same effect as a vote “against” such Proposal. Broker non-votes will not be counted as having
voted either for or against this Proposal.

Dissenter’s
Rights of Appraisal. The stockholders have no dissenter’s rights of appraisal under the Delaware General Corporation
Law, the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or the Company’s Amended and Restated By-Laws with respect
to the matters to be voted on at the Annual Meeting.

PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF
DIRECTORS

General Information

At the date of this Proxy
Statement, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board” or “Board of Directors”) consists of nine
members, eight of whom are non-employee Directors. The number of members of the Board is currently fixed to nine individuals. However,
Dean M. Flatt, who is presently a Director of the Company, has advised the Board of his decision to retire from the Board with
more than 13 years of service. Mr. Flatt’s term will expire prior to the Annual Meeting. Mr. Flatt served on the Board with
great distinction.

The Committee on Directors
and Governance of the Board of Directors has recommended, and our full Board of Directors has nominated Lynn M. Bamford, Bruce
D. Hoechner, Glenda J. Minor, Anthony J. Moraco, William F. Moran, Robert J. Rivet, Peter C. Wallace, and Larry D. Wyche, each
currently serving Directors, to be elected to the Board for a one-year term. In addition, the Committee on Directors and Governance
of the Board has recommended, and our full Board has also nominated Jeffrey J. Lyash to be elected to the Board for a one-year
term. Mr. Lyash is not currently serving as a Director of the Company and has never served in such capacity for the Company in
the past. The Committee on Directors and Governance used the services of a third-party executive search firm to assist in identifying
and evaluating Mr. Lyash as a nominee for Director. In the event that any nominee should become unavailable for election, the persons
named in the proxy may vote for the election of a substitute nominee.

Directors will be elected
by a plurality of votes properly cast (in person or by proxy) at the Annual Meeting. This means that a person will be elected who
receives the first through ninth highest number of votes, even if he or she receives less than a majority of the votes cast. Therefore,
stockholders who do not vote or withhold their vote from one or more of the proposed nominees and do not vote for another person,
will not affect the outcome of the election provided that a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. However, under our corporate
governance guidelines, in an uncontested election of Directors where the only nominees are those recommended by the Board (which
is the case for the election of Directors at this Annual Meeting), any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes
“withheld” from his or her election than votes “for” his or her election (a “Majority Withheld Vote”)
is required to tender his or her resignation following certification of the stockholder vote. The Committee on Directors and Governance
must promptly consider the resignation offer and a range of possible responses based on the circumstances that led to the Majority
Withheld Vote, if known, and make a recommendation to the Board. The Board will act on the Committee on Directors and Governance
recommendation within 90 days following certification of the stockholder vote. Thereafter, the Board will promptly disclose its
decision-making process and decision regarding whether to accept the Director’s resignation (or the reason(s) for rejecting
the resignation offer, if applicable) in a Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Any Director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant
to this provision will not participate in the Committee on Directors and Governance recommendation or the Board action regarding
whether to accept or reject the resignation offer.

As further discussed
in the section titled “Broker non-votes” on page 10 of this Proxy Statement, if you own shares of Common Stock
through a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must instruct your bank, broker, or other holder of record how to vote in
order for them to vote your shares of Common Stock so that your vote can be counted on this Proposal One.

12

Overview of Curtiss-Wright’s Current Board
of Directors

The Board believes there
are general requirements for service as a member of the Board that are applicable to all directors as laid out below, and other
specialized characteristics that should be represented on the Board as a whole but not necessarily by each director. The specific
qualifications, skills, experiences, and backgrounds of our director nominees are detailed in the section titled “Director
Nominee Skills” on page 13 of this Proxy Statement.

Our Directors Exhibit :

Board Composition :

High integrity

Loyalty to the Company and commitment to its success

Proven record of success

Knowledge of corporate governance and practices

Independent Directors: 8 of 9

Average Company Board Tenure: 8 years

Average Age: 68 years

Gender, race, or

ethnicity: 2 Female (one is African American)

1 Male African American

Our Directors Bring to the Boardroom :

High level of leadership experience

Specialized industry experience

Financial expertise

Extensive knowledge of the Company

The Company has added five
new directors since 2019. This refreshment process has infused unique ideas and fresh perspectives into the boardroom.

Director Nominee Skills

The Company’s director
nominees have substantial leadership, management, and industry experience and expertise in various fields. This balance of experience
and background of our director nominees, illustrated in the skills matrix and director nominees’ biographies that follow,
is brought to bear in Board deliberations, during which multiple perspectives are considered in developing dynamic solutions to
achieve the Company’s strategic priorities to reduce complexity, drive returns, and advance sustainably.

The skills matrix below
summarizes the specific qualifications, skills, experiences, and backgrounds of each director nominee. While each director nominee
is generally knowledgeable in each of these areas, an “X” in the skills matrix below indicates that the item is a specific
qualification, skill, experience or attribute that the director nominee brings to the Board. The lack of an “X” for
a particular item does not mean that the director nominee does not possess that qualification, skill, experience or attribute.
Because the skills matrix is only a summary, it does not include all the skills that each director nominee offers.

13

Skills

Director Nominee
Audit
Committee
Financial
Expert
Extensive
Knowledge
of Company’s
Business
and
Industry
Extensive
M&A
Experience
Broad
International
Experience
Other
Public
Company
Board
Experience
Current
or
Former
CEO
Senior
Leadership
Experience
Gender/Ethnic/
Race
Diversity (a)

Lynn M. Bamford

X
X
X

X
X
X

Bruce D. Hoechner

X
X
X
X
X
X

Jeffrey J. Lyash

X
X
X
X
X
X

Glenda J. Minor
X
X
X
X
X

X
X

Anthony J. Moraco

X
X

X
X
X

William F. Moran

X

X

Robert J. Rivet
X
X
X
X
X

X

Peter C. Wallace

X
X
X
X
X
X

Larry
D. Wyche

X

X
X

(a)
Self-identifies as having diverse characteristics (gender, ethnicity, or race).

The Company also recognizes
the value of other attributes that directors may bring to the Board, including veterans of the U.S. military. The Company is proud
to report that of our nine director nominees, two are also military veterans with over 73 years of combined service.

14

Information Regarding Nominees

Set forth below is information with respect
to the nominees for Directors. Such information includes the principal occupation of each nominee for Director during, at least,
the past five years, as well as a brief description of the particular experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that qualify
the nominee to serve as a Director of the Company.

Lynn M. Bamford

Chair and Chief Executive Officer

Curtiss-Wright Corporation

Age: 62

Director Since: 2021

Other Public Company Directorships:

None

Career Highlights:

Ms. Bamford has served as Chair of
the Board of Directors of the Company since May 2022 and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 1, 2021.
She has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company since January 1, 2021. She also formerly held the
title of President of the Company from January 1, 2021 to May 5, 2022. She also served as President of the Company’s
former Defense and Power Segments from January 2020 and served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Company’s
Defense Solutions and Nuclear divisions from 2018, and Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Company’s
Defense Solutions division from 2013. Shortly after joining the Company in 2004, she assumed the position of Vice President,
Product Development and Marketing, for the Company’s former Controls segment, and ascended to Vice President and
General Manager of the Company’s Embedded Computing business.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Ms. Bamford has been an employee
of the Company for more than 21 years, serving in increasing levels of strategic, operational, and managerial responsibility.
Ms. Bamford’s ability to grow the Company’s former Defense and Power segments, as evidenced by the strong
growth in these segments during her leadership, and in-depth knowledge of all the Company’s business segments and
industries in which they operate, provides the Company a competitive advantage in continuing to improve long-term performance
and increase stockholder value.

15

Bruce D. Hoechner

Retired President and Chief Executive Officer

Rogers Corporation

Age: 66

Director Since: 2017

Committees: Finance ( Chair ); Committee on Directors and Governance

Other Public Company Directorships:

Ingevity Corporation (2023 – present)

Rogers Corporation (2011 – 2023)

Career Highlights:

Mr. Hoechner served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of Rogers Corporation, a NYSE-listed company from October 2011 until his retirement on December
31, 2022. He also served as a member of the Board of Directors of Rogers Corporation until retirement from such Board
on March 31, 2023. Rogers Corporation is a leading global provider of engineered materials and components for mission
critical applications serving telecommunications, automotive, defense and aerospace, and consumer markets. Mr. Hoechner
also serves as a director of Ingevity Corporation since February 2023. Ingevity is a leading manufacturer of specialty
chemicals. From October 2009 to October 2011, Mr. Hoechner served as President, Asia Pacific region, based in Shanghai,
China, for Dow Chemical Company, a global diversified chemical and material company, and before that held positions of
increasing responsibility in the U.S. and internationally during his 27-year career with Rohm and Haas Company, a leading
manufacturer of specialty chemicals, which was purchased by Dow.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Mr. Hoechner has many years of broad
leadership experience across numerous geographies, businesses, and functions with particularly strong international experience
at leading multinational organizations. In his prior capacity as CEO and President of Rogers Corporation, Mr. Hoechner
led a business transformation that significantly improved revenues and profitability, and resulted in a substantial increase
in the company’s market cap. Mr. Hoechner brings to our Board international executive experience in technology manufacturing,
with relevant industry exposure, as well as extensive strategic and financial acumen, which enhances Mr. Hoechner’s
contributions and value to the Company’s Board.

16

Jeffrey J. Lyash

Retired President and Chief Executive Officer

Tennessee Valley Authority

Age: 63

Director Since: N/A

Committees: N/A

Other Public Company Directorships:

Dominion Energy, Inc. (2025 – present)

Granite Construction Incorporated (2018 –
2023)

Career Highlights:

Mr. Lyash served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Tennessee Valley Authority from April 2019 until his retirement in April 2025. The Tennessee
Valley Authority is a corporate agency of the United States that provides electricity for business customers and local
power companies and serves 10 million people in seven Southeastern states. From 2015 to March 2019, Mr. Lyash served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Ontario Power Generation, which is Ontario, Canada’s, largest, low-carbon
electricity generator. From 2013 to 2015, Mr. Lyash served as President of CB&I Power, a leading power industry engineering
and construction firm. Prior to this, Mr. Lyash served in senior leadership roles in leading energy companies in the United
States, including Executive Vice President of Energy Supply for Duke Energy and its predecessor Progress Energy, and President
and Chief Executive Officer of Progress Energy Florida. Mr. Lyash began his energy sector career at the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory
Commission, where he served in senior technical and management positions. Mr. Lyash is a member of the Board of Directors
of Dominion Energy, Inc., a leading electricity supplier and a member of the Board of Directors of Aecon Group Inc., a
company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange that develops and manufactures large-scale infrastructure projects in sectors
like nuclear, utilities, industrial, and transportation. Mr. Lyash also formerly served as a director of Granite Construction
Incorporated, a civil construction company and aggregate producer. Mr. Lyash is certified by both the National Association
of Corporate Directors and the Institute of Corporate Directors.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Mr. Lyash’s extensive managerial
experience and his understanding of the power industry after more than four decades in utility operations, power operations
and generation construction, and public policy and regulatory matters (particularly in nuclear energy), provide the Company
a competitive advantage in seeking new strategic business opportunities and platforms for its power generation industry
products and services.

17

Glenda J. Minor

Chief Executive Officer and Principal

Silket Advisory Services

Age: 69

Director Since: 2019

Committees: Audit; Committee on Directors and Governance

Other Public Company Directorships:

Albermarle Corporation (2019 – present)

Kaiser Aluminum Corporation (2025 – present)

Radius Recycling, Inc. f/n/a Schnitzer Steel
Industries, Inc. (2020 – 2025)

Career Highlights:

Ms. Minor has served as Chief Executive
Officer and Principal of Silket Advisory Services, a privately owned consulting firm, since 2016. Silket Advisory Services
advises companies on financial, strategic, and operational initiatives. From 2010 – 2015, Ms. Minor was Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Evraz North America Limited, a leading steel manufacturer. Prior to this, Ms.
Minor held both domestic and international executive finance roles at increasing levels of managerial responsibility at
Visteon Corporation, a leading global automotive supplier, and DaimlerChrysler, a leading global automotive manufacturer,
as well as financial management roles at General Motors Corporation, a leading global automotive manufacturer, and General
Dynamics Corporation, a leading global aerospace and defense company. Ms. Minor currently serves on the Board of Directors
of Albemarle Corporation, a leading global specialty chemical company; Kaiser Aluminum Corporation, a leading provider
of semi-fabricated specialty aluminum mill products; and the Capital Area United Way, a non-profit organization, where
she serves as the Board Secretary. Ms. Minor has previously served on the board of Radius Recycling, Inc. and several
other non-profit organizations.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Ms. Minor has many years of broad
financial and international leadership experience across different industries and different continents, which have provided
her with an in-depth understanding of the preparation and analysis of financial statements, and invaluable experience
in capital market transactions, accounting, treasury, investor relations, financial and strategic planning, and business
expansion. She is also financially literate in accordance with NYSE listing standards and an “audit committee financial
expert” in accordance with SEC regulations. Ms. Minor’s extensive financial knowledge will be an invaluable
asset to the Board in its oversight of the integrity of the Company’s financial statements and the financial reporting
process. Additionally, Ms. Minor’s experience in mergers and acquisitions and business expansion provides the Company
a competitive advantage in seeking new strategic business opportunities and platforms for its products and services.

18

Anthony J. Moraco

Retired Chief Executive Officer and former Director

Science Applications International Corporation

Age: 66

Director Since: 2021

Committees: Executive Compensation; Finance

Other Public Company Directorships:

None

Career Highlights:

Mr. Moraco served as Chief Executive
Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), a NYSE-listed
company, from September 2013 to July 2019, after its separation from its former parent Leidos Holdings, Inc. SAIC is a
leading provider of technical, engineering, and enterprise information technology (IT) solutions and services primarily
to the U.S. government. Prior to this time, he served in various leadership positions at Leidos (legacy SAIC), including
serving as President of its Government Solutions Group in 2013, as Group President of its Intelligence, Surveillance and
Reconnaissance organization from 2012 to 2013, as its Executive Vice President for Operations and Performance Excellence
from 2010 to 2012, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager of its Space and Geospatial Intelligence Business
Unit from 2007 to 2010. Leidos is a leading science, engineering and IT company that provides services and solutions in
the defense, intelligence, civil and health markets. Mr. Moraco currently serves on the Board of Directors of privately-held
Radiance Technologies, Inc., a leader in advanced engineering solutions serving the U.S. defense and intelligence communities.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Mr. Moraco has an in-depth understanding
of the aerospace and defense industry, evidenced by his past employment at SAIC and Leidos, as well as his previous leadership
roles at the Boeing Company Space & Intelligence Mission Systems and Phantom Works (2000-2006). In addition, Mr. Moraco
has extensive experience in U.S. government contracting. Mr. Moraco’s market knowledge, leadership skills, financial
acumen, and operational management ability proven during his tenure as CEO of SAIC and as an executive of Leidos, along
with his prior public company board experience, enhances Mr. Moraco’s contributions and value to the Company’s
Board.

19

Admiral (Ret.) William F. Moran

President

WFM Advisors, LLC

Age: 67

Director Since: 2023

Committees: Executive Compensation; Finance

Other Public Company Directorships:

None

Career Highlights:

Admiral Moran has served at WFM Advisors,
LLC, a privately-owned consulting firm, since 2019. WFM Advisors advises companies in the areas of Aerospace and Defense,
training and education, artificial intelligence and technology. Prior to this, Admiral Moran had a long, distinguished
career in the U.S. Navy serving at various times in increased senior leadership positions. From 2016 to 2019, he served
as Vice Chief of Naval Operations; from 2013 to 2016, he served as Chief of Naval Personnel; from 2010 to 2013, he served
as Director of Air Warfare; and from 1981 to 2010 he held various other leadership roles. Admiral Moran currently serves
on the Board of Directors of USAA, and also serves on its audit and compensation and workforce committees. USAA is a Fortune
500 diversified financial services group of companies offering banking and insurance to people and families who serve,
or served, in the United States Armed Forces.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Admiral Moran has many years of broad
leadership and operational experience while serving in the U.S. Navy. He is familiar with financial management, leadership
development, operations, and strategic planning. This experience, coupled with an in-depth understanding of the U.S. Navy’s
operational needs and U.S. government contracting and spending, provides the Company a competitive advantage in developing
new operational leaders and new strategic business opportunities and platforms for its naval defense business’ products
and services.

20

Robert J. Rivet

Retired Executive Vice President, Chief Operations and
Administrative Officer

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.

Age: 72

Director Since: 2011

Committees: Audit ( Chair ); Executive Compensation

Other Public Company Directorships:

None

Career Highlights:

Mr. Rivet served as Executive Vice
President, Chief Operations and Administrative Officer of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a leading global semiconductor
company, from October 2008 to February 2011, and has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Advanced
Micro Devices, Inc. from September 2000 until October 2009. From 2009 to 2011, he also served as a Director of GlobalFoundries
Inc., a semiconductor foundry. Prior to this, Mr. Rivet was senior Vice President at Motorola, a leading communication
and semiconductor manufacturer in executive finance roles both domestically and internationally, which included a three-year
assignment in Geneva, Switzerland, as the European Semiconductor CFO. Mr. Rivet has served as Lead Independent Director
since May 2024, with his most recent re-election occurring in February 2026 for a term of one-year or until his successor
is appointed.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Mr. Rivet has 35 years of broad financial
and international leadership experience across different technology industries, which has provided him an in-depth understanding
of the preparation and analysis of financial statements, and an in depth understanding of our supply chain, including
nine years as Chief Financial Officer of Advanced Micro Devices. In addition, Mr. Rivet led numerous acquisitions, divestitures,
and capital market activities while at Advanced Micro Devices. He is also financially literate in accordance with NYSE
listing standards and an “audit committee financial expert” in accordance with SEC regulations. Mr. Rivet’s
extensive financial knowledge will be an invaluable asset to the Board providing comprehensive oversight over the integrity
of the Company’s financial statements and the financial reporting process. Additionally, his in-depth understanding
of high-technology industries such as the semiconductor business, and experience in mergers, acquisitions, and capital
markets provides the Company a competitive advantage in addressing supply chain issues and seeking new strategic business
opportunities and acquisitions.

21

Peter C. Wallace

Retired Chief Executive Officer and former Director

Gardner Denver

Age: 71

Director Since: 2016

Committees: Committee on Directors and Governance ( Chair ); Finance

Other Public Company Directorships:

Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. (2005 – present)

Rogers Corporation (2010 – present)

Career Highlights:

Mr. Wallace served as Chief Executive
Officer and a Director of Gardner Denver Inc. from June 2014 until his retirement as of January 1, 2016. Gardner Denver
(now merged with Ingersoll Rand’s Industrial segment and renamed Ingersoll Rand Inc.) is an industrial manufacturer
of compressors, blowers, pumps, and other fluid control products used in numerous global end markets. Prior to joining
Gardner Denver, Mr. Wallace was President and Chief Executive Officer, and a Director, of Robbins & Myers, Inc., from
2004 until it was acquired in February 2013 by National Oilwell Varco, Inc. Robbins & Myers was a leading designer,
manufacturer, and marketer of highly engineered, application-critical equipment and systems for energy, chemical, pharmaceutical,
and industrial markets worldwide. Mr. Wallace is also non-executive Chairman of the Board of Applied Industrial Technologies,
Inc., a leading provider of industrial products and fluid power components, and a member of the Board of Rogers Corporation,
a leading provider of engineered materials and components for mission critical applications across various markets (Mr.
Wallace will be retiring from the Board of Rogers Corporation in May 2026). Mr. Wallace also serves on the board of a
private manufacturing firm engaged in packaging equipment and industrial markets.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Mr. Wallace has a wide and varied
background as a senior executive, including having served as CEO of several leading companies in global industrial equipment
manufacturing, serving a wide range of end markets, including aerospace, energy, and industrial. During his career, Mr.
Wallace transformed businesses by developing clear strategies that included acquiring and merging companies, along with
divestitures to free up resources that could be redeployed to create long-term shareholder value. He also led major organization
changes, and in doing so recruited top talent and developed others in key areas, including strategic account planning,
key account management, lean implementation, and facility rationalization, to improve profitability. Mr. Wallace has extensive
experience in evaluating business opportunities and management teams as he has been engaged by several private equity
firms to evaluate business plans. He has been a senior advisor to private equity firms, and has served as CEO of a private
equity backed portfolio company. Mr. Wallace brings to the Board the perspective of someone familiar with all facets of
worldwide business operations, including the experience of leading a NYSE-listed company. This broad and extensive experience
in senior leadership roles, including his board experience in both public and private companies, and experience in mergers,
acquisitions, and divestitures, provides the Company a competitive advantage in creating long-term shareholder value and
seeking new strategic business opportunities and acquisitions.

22

Lieutenant General (Ret.) Larry D. Wyche

Chief Executive Officer

Wyche Leadership and Supply Chain Consulting

Age: 68

Director Since: 2023

Committees: Audit; Committee on Directors and Governance

Other Public Company Directorships:

None

Career Highlights:

Lt. Gen. Wyche serves as Chief Executive
Officer of Wyche Leadership and Supply Chain Consulting, a privately-owned consulting firm, since 2017. Prior to this,
Lt. Gen. Wyche had a long, distinguished career in the U.S. Army serving at various times in increased senior leadership
positions. From 2015 to 2017, he served as Deputy Commanding General, U.S. Army Materiel Command; from 2012 to 2014, he
served as Commanding General, Combined Arms Support Command; from 2010 to 2012, he served as Deputy Chief of Staff for
Operations, U.S. Army Materiel Command; from 2008 to 2010, he served as Commanding General, Joint Munitions Command; and
from 2002 to 2008, he completed two tours at the Pentagon serving as Director for Supply Chain Strategy & Integration,
and Chief of Supply Chain & Logistics Programs. He currently serves as a Director at Ready One Industries, a non-profit
organization, and as an Advisory Council Member for Texas A&M University – Corpus Christi.

Reasons for Election to the Board of Curtiss-Wright:

Lt. Gen. Wyche has many years of
broad leadership and operational experience while serving in the U.S. Army. He is familiar with the U.S. military supply
chain, emerging technologies, cyber assurance, human capital management, financial management, operations, and strategic
planning. This experience, coupled with an in-depth understanding of U.S. government acquisition, contracting and spending,
especially defense and defense products, provides the Company a competitive advantage in addressing supply chain issues,
cyber threats, and workforce matters, as well as seeking new strategic business opportunities and platforms for the Company’s
defense industry products and services.

23

Family Relationships

There are no family
relationships between any of the Company’s Directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the Company
to become a director or executive officer.

Certain Legal Proceedings

None of the Company’s
Directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director has been, during the past ten
years: (i) involved in any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general
partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) convicted of any
criminal proceeding or subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii)
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
or Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended, or otherwise limited from involvement in
any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, or banking activities; (iv) found by a court of competent jurisdiction
(in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal
or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; (v) subject of, or a party
to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended,
or vacated, related to an alleged violation of securities or commodities law or regulation; any law or regulation respecting financial
institutions or insurance companies; or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
entity; or (vi) the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any
self-regulatory organization, any registered entity of the Commodity Exchange Act or any equivalent exchange, association, entity,
or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.

Compensation of Directors

For information concerning compensation of
our Directors, please see “Compensation of Directors” on page 75 of this Proxy Statement.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT
STOCKHOLDERS VOTE “FOR ALL” OF THE COMPANY’S DIRECTOR
NOMINEES LISTED ABOVE (PROPOSAL 1).

STRUCTURE AND PRACTICES
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code
of Conduct

The Board of Directors
has adopted corporate governance guidelines that provide the framework for the governance of the Company and contains a code of
conduct that applies to every Director. The corporate governance guidelines are available within the Corporate Governance section
of the Company’s website at https://curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance/governance-documents or by sending
a request in writing to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300, Davidson, North
Carolina 28036.

The corporate governance
guidelines address, among other things, standards for Director independence, meetings of the Board, executive sessions of the
Board, committees of the Board, the compensation of Directors, duties of Directors to the Company and its stockholders, and the
Board’s role in management succession, and includes policies on, among other things, conflicts of interest, corporate opportunities,
and insider trading. The Committee on Directors and Governance reviews these principles and other aspects of governance at least
annually and it is amended as the Board deems appropriate upon the recommendation of the Committee on Directors and Governance
for

24

updates in response to changing regulatory
requirements, as business circumstances warrant, and to reflect evolving best practices.

The Company also maintains
a code of conduct that applies to every employee, including the Company’s Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, and Corporate Controller. The Company’s code of conduct includes policies on, among other things, employment, conflicts
of interest, financial reporting, the protection of confidential information, insider trading and hedging, and requires strict
adherence to all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of the Company’s business. The Company’s code of conduct
is available within the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website at https: //curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance/governance-documents
or by sending a request in writing to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite
300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The Company reviews the code of conduct at least annually and it is amended as appropriate
for updates to changing regulatory requirements and as business circumstances warrant.

The Company designed the
corporate governance guidelines and the code of conduct to ensure that its business is conducted in a consistently legal and ethical
manner. The Company will disclose any waivers or amendments of the codes of conduct pertaining to Directors or the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Controller on its website at www.curtisswright.com in accordance
with applicable law and the requirements of the NYSE corporate governance standards. To date, no waivers have been requested or
granted and no amendments have been made requiring disclosure.

To enhance understanding
of and compliance with the Company’s code of conduct, the Company has undertaken several additional steps. Through a third-party
provider, the Company conducts an annual on-line global workforce training program in multiple languages that is circulated to
all employees to enhance the Company’s culture of ethical business practices. In addition, although all employees are encouraged
to personally report any ethical concerns without fear of retaliation, the Company, through a third-party provider, maintains
the Company’s Hotline (the “Hotline”) to allow employees to report concerns they are uncomfortable discussing
directly with managers or human resources personnel. The Hotline is a global, multi-lingual, toll-free telephone and web-based
system through which employees may report concerns confidentially and anonymously and is available 24 hours a day, seven days
a week. The Hotline also serves as the vehicle through which employees may communicate with the Audit Committee confidentially
and anonymously regarding any accounting, internal controls, or auditing concerns.

The Company continually
assesses its ethics program, including training opportunities, and modifies as appropriate. The Company’s managers and supervisors
play an important role in reinforcing the Company’s policies and commitment to ethics by setting the example of ethical
conduct and providing employees with continuous training, education and resources that support the policies.

Meetings of the Board

The Board has regularly
scheduled meetings each year, and also holds special meetings and acts by written consent from time to time as necessary. In addition,
management and the Directors communicate informally on a variety of topics, including suggestions for Board or committee agenda
items, recent developments, and other matters of interest to the Directors. Each Director has full access to management.

A meeting of the Company’s
non-employee Directors in executive session without any employee Directors or members of management present is scheduled at every
regularly scheduled Board and Committee meeting. During 2025, the non-employee Directors met at least six times in executive session.
The Committees of the Board may also meet in executive session at the end of each Committee meeting. Robert J. Rivet has served
as Lead Independent Director since May 2024, with his most recent re-election occuring in February 2026 for a term of one year
or until his successor is appointed. The Lead Independent Director reviews the agenda items from the meeting with all non-employee
Directors and leads discussions with the independent Board members and coordinates follow up discussions with management. For
a further discussion on the position of Lead Independent

25

Director, please read the section titled
“Board Leadership Structure” beginning on page 30 of this Proxy Statement.

Directors are expected
to attend all meetings of the Board and each committee on which they serve. In 2025, the Board held seven meetings and committees
of the Board held a total of 17 meetings. During 2025, no Director attended less than 75% of the aggregate number of meetings
of the Board of Directors and of the committee or committees on which he or she served, during the period that he or she served.

The Company does not
have a formal policy with respect to Director attendance at the annual meeting of stockholders. Directors are encouraged to attend
the annual meeting of stockholders, although such attendance is not mandatory. Lynn M. Bamford, the Company’s Chair and
Chief Executive Officer, attended the Company’s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Ms. Bamford will attend the Company’s
2026 annual meeting of stockholders where she will be available for questions.

Communication with the Board

The Company believes
communications between the Board and the Company’s stockholders, employees, and other interested parties is an important
part of the corporate governance process. Stockholders, employees, and other interested parties wishing to contact the Board directly
may initiate in writing any communication with: (i) the Board, (ii) any committee of the Board, (iii) the non-employee Directors
as a group, or (iv) any individual non-employee Director by sending the communication to Lead Independent Director, c/o Curtiss-Wright
Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The name of any specific intended Board recipient
should be noted in the communication. Prior to forwarding any correspondence, the Lead Independent Director will review such correspondence.
Any communications received by the Lead Independent Director regarding concerns relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing
matters will promptly be brought to the attention of the Audit Committee and will be handled in accordance with the procedures
established by the Audit Committee to address these matters. However, the Lead Independent Director, in his or her discretion,
will not forward certain items if they are deemed inappropriate for submission, including, without limitation, solicitations,
commercial advertisements, communications that do not relate directly or indirectly to the Company’s business or that relate
to improper or irrelevant topics, or are sent in bad faith. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received
by the Company that is addressed to any director and request copies of any such correspondence.

Director Independence

The corporate governance
guidelines provide independence standards generally consistent with the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. These standards
specify the criteria by which the independence of the Company’s Directors will be determined and require the Board annually
to determine affirmatively that each independent Director has no material relationship with the Company other than as a Director.
The Board has adopted the standards set out in the corporate governance guidelines, which are posted within the Corporate Governance
section of the Company’s website at https: //curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance/governance-documents ,
for its evaluation of the materiality of any Director relationship with the Company. To assist in the Board’s determination,
each Director completed a questionnaire designed to identify any relationship that could affect the Director’s independence.
Based on the responses received from the Directors to the questionnaires and the standards described above, the Board has determined
that the following nominees for Directors are “independent” as required by the New York Stock Exchange listing standards
and the Board’s corporate governance guidelines: Bruce D. Hoechner, Glenda J. Minor, Anthony J. Moraco, William F. Moran,
Robert J. Rivet, Peter C. Wallace, and Larry D. Wyche. Ms. Bamford does not meet the corporate governance guidelines independence
test and NYSE independence listing standards due to her current position as Chair and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
The Board has also determined that Jeffrey J. Lyash, a non-director nominee, is “independent” as required by the New
York Stock Exchange listing standards and the Board’s corporate governance guidelines. In making the determination that
Mr. Wallace is “independent”, the Board considered the fact that Mr. Wallace is presently a director of an entity
in which the Company at various times has purchased

26

goods and/or services. The Board determined
that this relationship as a director is not material and, thus, did not affect Mr. Wallace’s independence, because Mr. Wallace
does not participate in the day-to-day management of this entity, and does not receive any remuneration as a result of the goods
and/or services being sold. Moreover, the transactions involved payments that are individually and in the aggregate immaterial
to the revenues of that entity and the expenses of the Company. There were no other transactions, relationships, or arrangements
not otherwise disclosed that were considered by the Board of Directors in determining whether any of the Directors are independent.

All members of the Audit
Committee, the Executive Compensation Committee, the Finance Committee, and the Committee on Directors and Governance are independent
Directors as defined in the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and in the standards in the Company’s corporate governance
guidelines. In addition, each member of the Audit Committee meets the independence requirements under Rule 10A-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Furthermore, all members of the Executive Compensation Committee qualify as “non-employee directors”
for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Board Committees

The Board of Directors
has an Audit Committee, an Executive Compensation Committee, a Committee on Directors and Governance, and a Finance Committee.
The Board may establish other special or standing committees from time to time. The Board has adopted a written charter for each
of these four standing committees that satisfies the applicable standards of the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC. Each of
the committees reviews its respective charter at least annually and it is amended as the respective committee deems appropriate
for updates in response to changing regulatory requirements, as business circumstances warrant, and to reflect evolving best practices.
The full text of each charter is available within the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website at https: //curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance/governance-documents
or by sending a request in writing to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite
300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The current membership of each committee is as follows:

Director
Audit
Committee
Executive
Compensation
Committee
Committee
on Directors and
Governance
Finance
Committee

Dean M. Flatt
X

X
(1)

Bruce D. Hoechner

X

X
(1)

Glenda J. Minor
X

X

Anthony J. Moraco

X

X

William F. Moran

X

X

Robert J. Rivet
X
(1)
X

Peter C. Wallace

X
(1)
X

Larry D. Wyche
X

X

(1)
Denotes Chairperson

Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee consisted of four non-employee directors. The Audit Committee met six times during 2025. In accordance with
New York Stock Exchange requirements, the Board in its business judgment has determined that each member of the Audit Committee
is financially literate, knowledgeable, and qualified to review financial statements. The Board has also determined that at least
two members of the Audit Committee, Robert J. Rivet and Glenda J. Minor, are an “audit committee financial expert”
as defined in the rules of the SEC.

The Audit Committee’s primary responsibilities
include, but are not limited to:

-
overseeing the Company’s accounting and financial reporting
processes, including the quality of internal accounting and financial controls over those processes, and the audits of the
Company’s financial statements and internal control reports;

-
overseeing the Company’s risk assessment and risk management processes;

27

-
assessing the qualifications and performance of the Company’s internal audit
function and internal auditors;

-
appointing and retaining (subject to stockholder ratification), compensating, overseeing,
and evaluating the performance, qualifications, and independence of the Company’s independent registered public accounting
firm, and participating in the selection of the lead audit partner;

-
overseeing the Company’s cybersecurity, information security, data protection and technology
programs and risks;

-
assisting the Board with monitoring the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements (including environmental matters);

-
overseeing the adequacy and performance of the Company’s ethics program; and

-
overseeing compliance of the Company’s financial statements with its financial policies
and applicable rules and regulations.

Executive Compensation
Committee. The Executive Compensation Committee consisted of four non-employee directors. The Executive Compensation Committee
met four times during 2025.

The Executive Compensation Committee’s
primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

-
overseeing the administering of the Company’s executive compensation programs
including

-
annual executive incentive compensation under the Company’s annual incentive
compensation plan,

-
long-term incentive compensation program, which includes both a cash and equity component,
and

-
equity compensation plan, including the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan;

-
determining the total compensation, including base salary and short- and long-term
incentive compensation and all benefits and perquisites, of the Chief Executive Officer and all Named Executive Officers;

-
reviewing the Company’s compensation practices and policies, including to assess whether
they could encourage undue risk taking;

-
approving performance metrics, and reviewing performance against such metrics, for the Company’s
short- and long-term executive incentive compensation programs;

-
approving and overseeing the application of the Company’s policies on the recoupment
of incentive compensation in the event of certain accounting restatements; and

-
overseeing the development, implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s strategies
and policies related to human capital development.

In fulfilling its responsibilities,
the Executive Compensation Committee may retain a consultant and during 2025, the Executive Compensation Committee used the services
of Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc., an independent compensation consultant, to assist and guide the Executive Compensation
Committee. For a discussion concerning the process and procedures for the consideration and determination of executive compensation
and the role of executive officers and compensation consultants in determining or recommending the amount or form of compensation,
see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” beginning on page 41 of this Proxy Statement.

Committee on Directors
and Governance. The Committee on Directors and Governance consisted of four non-employee directors. The Committee on Directors
and Governance met four times during 2025.

The Committee on Directors
and Governance primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

-
identifying and recommending to the Board of Directors individuals to become Board
members;

-
annually reviewing the Company’s corporate governance guidelines and Board committee
charters and providing oversight of the corporate governance affairs of the Board and the Company consistent with the long-term
best interests of the Company and its stockholders;

28

-
developing policy on the size and composition of the Board and its committees;

-
developing and recommending the criteria for selecting new members of the Board (and procedures
for the nomination process) and the qualifications for committee membership;

-
developing and overseeing procedures for the Board and its committee’s self-assessment
process;

-
evaluating the compensation of the Company’s non-employee Directors on a biennial basis,
and recommending any changes to the Board for approval;

-
overseeing the Company’s ESG program generally (including the Company’s response
to climate change and sustainability, employee safety, and human capital); and

-
overseeing any public emissions and climate-related disclosures that may be disclosed by the
Company, including the establishment and periodic review of internal controls and procedures related to such disclosures to
ensure the integrity of disclosed quantitative data.

Finance Committee.
The Finance Committee consisted of four non-employee directors. The Finance Committee met three times during 2025.

The Finance Committee’s primary responsibilities
include, but are not limited to:

-
advising the Board regarding:

-
the capital structure of the Company;

-
balanced capital allocation policy;

-
the Company’s dividend and stock repurchase programs;

-
the Company’s currency risk and hedging programs;

-
the Company’s investment managers and policies relating to the Company’s defined
benefit plans;

-
overseeing issuances of any debt and equity securities.

Board and Board Committees Self-Evaluation
Process

The Board recognizes
that a thorough, constructive self-evaluation process enhances its effectiveness and is an essential element of good corporate
governance. Accordingly, the Committee on Directors and Governance oversees an annual self-evaluation process to ensure that the
full Board and each of its committees conducts a thorough self-assessment of its performance. In addition to providing an opportunity
for directors to discuss a wide range of governance-related topics, the evaluation process is used by the Board and each committee
to identify opportunities for improvement, make changes to the committee charters, processes, and policies, and is linked to the
Board’s succession planning activities. Furthermore, the Board and its committees meet regularly in executive session throughout
the year to consider areas that may warrant additional focus and attention. The Committee on Directors and Governance reviews
and reassesses the format and effectiveness of the evaluation process each year and makes changes when considered necessary or
appropriate.

During 2025, the evaluations
were conducted using a detailed on-line survey designed to offer a thoughtful and substantive reflection on the Board and committees’
performance. The survey considers various topics related to Board and committee composition, structure, effectiveness, performance,
and responsibilities, as well as the overall mix of director skills, experience, and backgrounds. The results of the survey were
aggregated, summarized by the General Counsel, and presented to the Board and each committee for discussion in executive session.

Many of the improvements
in the Company’s corporate governance practices and board and committee processes have resulted from this annual self-evaluation
process, such as:

-
Streamlining meeting materials to better highlight important information, while
maintaining completeness

29

-
Refining meeting structure to allow sufficient time during Board and committee
meetings for discussion, debate, in-depth reviews, and executive sessions

-
Enhancing discussion about areas of emerging risk at Board and Audit Committee meetings, including
deep dives on key topics at Board risk oversight sessions

-
Providing educational opportunities during regularly scheduled meetings and through third-party
programs, with an emphasis on topics requested by the Board and current events and trends

-
Evolving the matrix of particular skills, background, and attributes of Board candidates needed
to support the Company’s long-term growth strategy

The Board of Directors
believes that through its annual self-evaluation, the Board of Directors will continue to evolve to meet the Company’s long-term
strategic needs and the interests of the Company’s stockholders.

Board Leadership Structure

The Company is focused
on strong corporate governance practices and values independent Board oversight as an essential component of strong corporate
performance to enhance stockholder value. The Company’s commitment to independent oversight is demonstrated by the independence
of all directors, except for our Chair and Chief Executive Officer.

The Board does not have
a formal policy regarding the separation of the roles of the Chair of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Board believes
that every company is unique, and therefore, the appropriate board leadership structure will depend upon a company’s unique
circumstances and needs at a particular time. The Board believes it is in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders
for Ms. Bamford to serve as Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Bamford is well suited to fill that role given her
experience and knowledge of the Company’s business and industries. The Board believes Ms. Bamford’s ability to serve
as both Chair and Chief Executive Officer will provide the Company with strong unified leadership. However, consistent with good
corporate governance principles, the Committee on Directors and Governance will continue to review periodically this issue to
determine whether, based on the relevant facts and circumstances at such future times, separation of the offices of Chair of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer would better serve the interests of the Company and its stockholders.

The Board does not believe
its independence is compromised by having a single person serve as Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The functions
of the Board are carried out by the full Board, and when delegated, by the Board committees. Each Director is a full and equal
participant in the major strategic and policy decisions of the Company and the Chair has no greater or lesser vote on matters
considered by the Board. Our non-management Directors meet in executive session without management (including the Chair and Chief
Executive Officer) on a regularly scheduled basis, with the Lead Independent Director presiding in such sessions. During executive
sessions, the Directors may consider such matters as they deem appropriate. Following each executive session, the results of the
deliberations and any recommendations are communicated to the full Board of Directors.

Because Ms. Bamford
serves as both Chair and Chief Executive Officer, the Board appoints an independent director to serve as Lead Independent Director.
As Chair, Ms. Bamford fulfills her responsibilities in chairing the Board through close interaction with the Lead Independent
Director. The Board has structured the role of its Lead Independent Director to strike an appropriate balance between well-focused
and independent leadership on the Board. The Lead Independent Director serves as the focal point for independent Directors regarding
resolving conflicts with the Chief Executive Officer, or other independent Directors, and coordinating feedback to the Chief Executive
Officer on behalf of independent Directors regarding business issues and Board management. The Lead Independent Director is expected
to foster a cohesive Board that supports and cooperates with the Chief Executive Officer’s ultimate goal of creating stockholder
value. In this regard, the Lead Independent Director’s responsibilities include, among other duties:

-
Convening and presiding over executive sessions attended only by non-employee Directors;

30

-
Communicating to the Chief Executive Officer the substance of discussions held
during those sessions to the extent requested by the participants;

-
Serving as a liaison between the Chair and the Board’s independent Directors on sensitive
issues;

-
Consulting with the Chair on meeting schedules and agendas, including the format and adequacy
of information the independent Directors receive and the effectiveness of the meeting process;

-
Overseeing the Board’s self-evaluation process; and

-
Presiding at meetings of the Board in the event of the Chair’s unavailability.

The Board believes this
governance structure and these practices ensure that strong and independent directors will continue to effectively oversee the
Company’s management and key issues related to long-term business plans, long-range strategic issues, risks, and integrity.

Board Role in Risk Oversight

General

The Board of Directors
is charged with oversight of the Company’s risk management policies and practices with the objective of ensuring appropriate
risk management systems are employed throughout the Company to help ensure a successful business at the Company. While all members
of the Company’s senior leadership team are responsible for the assessment and day-to-day management of risk, the Board
of Directors is responsible for oversight of the Company’s major risks and assessing that appropriate risk management and
control procedures are in place.

The Company relies on
a comprehensive enterprise risk management program designed to work across the entire organization to identify, assess, monitor,
and manage the Company’s strategic, operational, financial reporting, legal and compliance, cybersecurity, information security,
data protection and technology risks. The Company’s enterprise risk management program is designed to enable the Board to
establish a mutual understanding with management of the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management practices and capabilities,
to review the Company’s risk exposure, and to elevate certain key risks for discussion at the Board level. While the Board
has the ultimate oversight responsibility for risk management processes, various committees of the Board composed entirely of
independent directors, also have responsibility for certain aspects of risk oversight management. The Board and its committees
are kept informed by various reports on risk identification and mitigation provided to them on a regular basis, including reports
made at the Board and Committee meetings by management and the Company’s independent auditors. The Board and its committees
have direct and independent access to management. By fostering increased communication, the Company’s believes the current
Board leadership structure and the Board’s risk oversight practices lead to the identification and implementation of effective
risk management strategies.

Key Board Committee Oversight Responsibilities

Audit Committee :
The Audit Committee of the Board, acting pursuant to its written charter, serves as the principal agent of the Board in fulfilling
the Board’s oversight of risk assessment and management, including with respect to major strategic; operational; financial
reporting; legal and compliance; cybersecurity, information security, data protection and technology risks. The Company’s
Vice President, Risk and Compliance (“VP of Risk”), who reports to the Audit Committee, facilitates the enterprise
risk management program discussed above, and helps ensure that risk management is integrated into the Company’s strategic
and operating planning process. The Company’s VP of Risk regularly updates the Audit Committee on the Company’s risk
management program throughout the year through discussions of individual risk areas, as well as an annual summary of the enterprise
risk management process. The Audit Committee reviews with management the risks presented and the steps management has taken to
monitor, mitigate, and control such risks. In addition, periodically, but not less than annually, the Audit Committee receives
a report from the Company’s General Counsel and the Company’s Chief Ethics Officer relating to, (i) the implementation
and effectiveness of the

31

Company’s legal and ethical compliance
program and adherence to the Company’s Code of Conduct, and (ii) all significant compliance investigations undertaken in
the past year. Furthermore, the Company’s General Counsel oversees risks related to, among other areas, global trade compliance,
labor and employment, and disputes and litigation, and provides periodic reports to the Audit Committee on these topics. Moreover,
the Audit Committee also regularly meets in executive session without management present with the Company’s Director of
Internal Audit and the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm to discuss areas of concern. In many instances,
the discussion of these risks is integrated within the topics on the Board and committee agendas.

The Company’s
Chief Digital and Information Officer (“CDIO”) leads the Company’s cybersecurity risk assessment and risk management
program. The CDIO, with over 26 years of experience leading cybersecurity oversight, brings a wealth of expertise and in-depth
knowledge instrumental in developing and executing the Company’s cybersecurity program. The Company’s cybersecurity
program is fully integrated into the Company’s overall enterprise risk management program. The Company’s VP of Risk
works closely with the CDIO and his information technology security team to continuously evaluate and address cybersecurity risks
in alignment with the Company’s business objectives and operational needs. This integration ensures that cybersecurity considerations
are an integral part of the Company’s decision-making processes at every level.

The CDIO continually
assesses industry best practices, frameworks, and standards, and leverages them to advance the Company’s cybersecurity program.
This ongoing knowledge acquisition is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity
incidents. The Company’s cybersecurity risk management program includes the deployment of tools and activities designed
to prevent, detect, and analyze current and emerging cybersecurity threats, and plans and strategies to address threats and incidents.
Program highlights include:

-
Employing a multi-layer strategy of defense designed to ensure the safety, security,
and responsible use of information and data.

-
Monitoring of all IT assets, resources, and data 24-hours per day, 7-days per week, 365-days
per year by security operations center (SOC).

-
Performing annual testing of the Company’s incident response plan and cybersecurity
posture by a third party.

-
Incorporating external expertise to manage the SOC, perform penetration tests, cyber-attack
simulation exercises, and log management to review anomalies indicating a possible breach.

-
Maintaining a business continuity program and cyber insurance.

-
Performing periodic employee simulated phishing campaigns.

-
Conducting annual cybersecurity and insider threat training for all employees.

The CDIO plays a pivotal
role in informing the Audit Committee, as well as our Chief Executive Officer and other members of the Company’s senior
management team, including the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and General Counsel, on cybersecurity risks.
The CDIO provides comprehensive briefings to the Audit Committee on a periodic basis, which the Chief Executive Officer and other
members of the senior management team attend. This report includes discussions of rapidly evolving cybersecurity threats, cybersecurity
incidents, cybersecurity technologies and solutions deployed, major cybersecurity risk areas, and policies and procedures to address
those risks and cybersecurity incidents. The report also includes third-party assessments of the Company’s cybersecurity
program, which are conducted regularly. The CDIO also informs the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the senior management
team on a more informal basis of all aspects related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. This ensures that the highest levels
of management are kept abreast of the cybersecurity posture and potential risks facing the Company. Any significant cybersecurity
matters, and strategic risk management decisions related thereto, are escalated to the Board of Directors, ensuring that they
have comprehensive oversight and can provide guidance on significant cybersecurity issues.

32

Executive Compensation
Committee : The Executive Compensation Committee considers risks in connection with its design of compensation programs and
equity compensation plans for the Company’s employees, including the executive officers, while incorporating features that
mitigate risk without diminishing the incentive nature of the compensation. The conclusions of this assessment are set forth in
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis under the heading “Risk Consideration in the Overall Compensation Program for
2025” on page 59 of this Proxy Statement.

Finance Committee :
The Finance Committee is responsible for assessing risks related to financing matters such as pension plans, capital structure,
capital allocation, currency risk and hedging programs, and equity and debt issuances, as well as to insurance-related risk management
programs.

Committee on Directors
and Governance : The Committee on Directors and Governance oversees risk related to Board governance and the Company’s
corporate governance framework, and the Company’s ESG profiles and ratings, including reviewing the adequacy of the Company’s
strategy, policies, practices, programs, procedures, initiatives and training as they relate to the environment (including climate
change and sustainability), and health and safety. The health and safety of the Company’s employees is a top priority for
the Board, and the Board exercises direct and active oversight over the Company’s health and safety initiatives. The Committee
on Directors and Governance and the Board receive periodic briefings on the Company’s ESG efforts and enterprise-level EHS
Management System from senior management, including the Company’s Sr. Director of EH&S, who reports to the Company’s
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary, to identify and understand specific risks within the ESG and
EHS realms so the Board can stay abreast of both emerging and material ESG and EHS risks that could have a material impact on
the Company. The Company has implemented procedures and precautions to ensure the continued safety and well-being of employees.
The Company is always looking for ways to improve compliance standards by utilizing continuous improvement discipline to proactively
eliminate risks in the workplace.

Each Chair of a Board
committee delivers a report to the Board, no later than the next scheduled board meeting, regarding matters considered at committee
meetings that have taken place since the previous board meeting, including any risks associated with the Company’s operations.

Effectiveness of the Company’s Risk Oversight
Approach

The Company believes
the division of risk management responsibilities among the Board, its committees and senior management is the most effective approach
for addressing the risks the Company faces. The Board leadership structure supports effective risk oversight by combining Board
committees and majority independent Board composition with an experienced Chair and Chief Executive Officer who has detailed knowledge
of the Company’s business, history, and the complex challenges it faces. The Chair and Chief Executive Officer’s in-depth
understanding of these matters and involvement in the day-to-day management of the Company positions her to promptly identify
and raise key risks to the Board and focus the Board’s attention on areas of concern. The independent committee chairs and
other Directors also are experienced professionals or executives who serve on the various committees involved in assisting with
risk oversight and can and do raise issues for Board consideration and review and are not hesitant to challenge management. The
Board believes there is a well-functioning and effective balance between the non-management Directors and the Chair and Chief
Executive Officer that enhances risk oversight.

Board Oversight of ESG

The Company believes strong
governance and oversight of ESG issues is critical, particularly with respect to the issues that impact the Company’s stakeholders
– customers, stockholders, employees, suppliers, and the environment. These ESG elements contribute both to the long-term
success of the Company’s business and to the positive impacts the Company can make in society. The Board works closely with
the senior management team to oversee ESG at the Company, both directly and through its standing committees dedicated to areas
of the program associated with their respective areas of responsibility. Committee oversight responsibilities of ESG are discussed
in the section titled “Board Committees” on page 27 of this Proxy Statement.

33

Board Role in Strategic Oversight

The Board takes an active
role in overseeing senior management’s formulation and implementation of its strategic plan. It receives a comprehensive
overview of management’s strategic plan for all the Company’s businesses at least annually, receives regular updates
from consultants and other experts on the global capital markets and industrial environment, and receives periodic updates from
individual businesses at other regularly scheduled Board meetings throughout the year. The Board provides insight and feedback
to senior management, and, if necessary, challenges management on the Company’s strategic direction. The Board also monitors
and evaluates, with the assistance of the Chief Executive Officer, the Company’s corporate strategy and financial results,
and approves all material capital allocation decisions.

The Board and management
are committed to optimizing the allocation of capital resources for future growth. Management regularly evaluates the Company’s
portfolio of businesses and potential corporate development opportunities with the input and collaboration of the Board. The Board
regularly reviews and assesses the value proposition and risks of any proposed acquisition, as well as whether our existing business
segments should be expanded, curtailed, disposed of, or diversified. In addition, the Board’s Finance Committee provides
oversight and focuses on the Company’s capital structure, including organic and inorganic investment options aligned with
the Company’s strategies, share repurchases, dividends, and capital expenditures. Accordingly, acquisitions and divestitures
are part of the Company’s ongoing strategy assessment and execution to maximize long-term stockholder value.

Succession Planning

The Board of Directors
recognizes that one of its most important responsibilities is to ensure excellence and continuity in the Company’s senior
leadership by overseeing the development of executive talent and planning for the effective succession of the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and the other senior members of the Company’s senior leadership team. This responsibility is reflected
in the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide for an annual review of CEO succession planning and management
development. The Board oversees the succession planning process by reviewing and evaluating candidates for successor to the Chief
Executive Officer and to assure that senior management has established and maintains a succession planning process for senior
executive positions other than the Chief Executive Officer. As part of the succession planning process, the Chief Executive Officer,
working with the Board, also reviews and maintains an emergency succession plan for the position of Chief Executive Officer.

In furtherance of the
foregoing, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer provides a biennial succession planning report to the Board of Directors,
which summarizes the overall composition of the Company’s senior leadership team, including their professional qualifications,
tenure, and work experience. The report also identifies internal members of the senior leadership team who are viewed as potential
successors to the Chief Executive Officer. Succession planning is also regularly discussed in executive sessions of the Board
of Directors. The Company’s directors become familiar with internal potential successors for key leadership positions through
various means, including a biennial succession planning report and Board of Directors and committee meetings, and less formal
interactions throughout the course of the year.

Additionally, the Board
of Directors, with support and recommendations from the Committee on Directors and Governance, oversees the succession of its
members. To this end, at least once a year, in connection with the annual director nomination and re-nomination process, the Committee
on Directors and Governance evaluates each director’s performance, relative strengths and weaknesses, and future plans,
including any personal retirement objectives and the potential applicability of the Company’s mandatory retirement policy
for directors (which is set forth in the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines). As part of that evaluation, the Committee
on Directors and Governance also identifies areas of overall strength and weakness with respect to its composition and considers
whether the Board of Directors as a whole possesses core competencies in the areas of accounting and finance, management experience
with mergers and acquisitions, risk management, industry knowledge, knowledge of technology and cybersecurity, marketing, digital
marketing and social media, international markets, strategic vision, compensation, and ESG, among others.

34

Director Onboarding and Education

All new Directors participate
in the Company’s director onboarding program. The onboarding process includes in-person or virtual meetings with senior
leaders to familiarize new directors with the Company’s strategic vision, values, and culture; operational and financial
reporting structure; and legal, compliance, and governance framework. Our goal is to assist our new Directors in understanding
the Company and developing the skills and knowledge that they need to serve the interests of the Company’s stockholders.

It is important for
directors to stay current and informed on developments in corporate governance best practices to effectively discharge their duties,
as well as be exposed to information regarding conditions in the end markets where the Company operates to increase the Directors
understanding of the Company’s risks and opportunities. The Company provides its Directors updates from both internal and
outside industry experts on corporate governance trends and developments as well as in the Company’s end markets and other
issues of importance to the Company at regularly scheduled board and committee meetings. The Board also encourages all Directors
to participate in continuing director education programs, either individually or together with other Committee members, to help
them maintain and enhance their skills and knowledge in carrying out their ongoing responsibilities as directors of a public company.
The Directors are reimbursed for their expenses for such programs.

Stockholder Nominations for Directors

The Committee on Directors
and Governance will consider stockholder nominations for Director nominees. A stockholder desiring the committee to consider his
or her Director nominations should deliver a written submission in accordance with the Company’s By-laws to the Committee
on Directors and Governance in care of the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300,
Davidson, North Carolina 28036. Such submission must include:

(1)
the name and address of such stockholder,

(2)
the name of such nominee,

(3)
the nominee’s written consent to serve if elected,

(4)
documentation demonstrating that the nominating stockholder is indeed a stockholder of the
Company, including the number of shares of stock owned,

(5)
a representation (i) that the stockholder is a holder of record of the stock of the Company
entitled to vote at such meeting and whether he or she intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting, and (ii) whether
the stockholder intends or is part of a group that intends to deliver a proxy statement to the Company’s stockholders
respecting such nominee or otherwise solicit proxies respecting such nominee,

(6)
a description of any derivative instruments the stockholder owns for which the Company’s
shares are the underlying security or any other direct or indirect opportunity the stockholder has to profit from any increase
or decrease in the value of the Company’s stock,

(7)
a description of the extent to which the stockholder has entered into any transaction or series
of transactions, including hedging, short selling, borrowing shares, or lending shares, with the effect or intent to mitigate
loss to or manage or share risk or benefit of changes in the value or price of share of stock of the Company for, or to increase
or decrease the voting power or economic interest of, such stockholder with respect to any shares of stock of the Company,

(8)
a description of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship under which
the stockholder has a right to vote any of the shares of stock of the Company or influence the voting over any such shares,

(9)
a description of any rights to dividends on the shares of stock of the Company the stockholder
has that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of stock of the Company,

35

(10)
a description of any performance-related fees (other than asset-based fee) the
stockholder is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of the shares of stock of the Company or related
derivative instruments,

(11)
to the extent known, the name and address of any other stockholder(s) supporting the nomination
on the date of the stockholder’s submission of the nomination to the Committee on Directors and Governance,

(12)
any information relating to the nominee and his or her affiliates that would be required to
be disclosed in a proxy solicitation for the election of Directors of the Company pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and

(13)
a description of all direct and indirect compensation, and other material monetary agreements,
arrangements, and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships between such nominating
stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on the one hand, and the nominee and his or her respective affiliates or associates,
or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand.

In addition, such submission
must be accompanied by a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of the nominee and the background
of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made. Further, the nominee must also provide a written representation
and agreement that such nominee (i) is not and will not become party to (x) any agreement, arrangement, or understanding as to
how such prospective nominee will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Company, or (y) any
agreement, arrangement, or understanding as to how such prospective nominee will act or vote on any issue or question that could
limit or interfere with such nominee’s ability to comply with such nominee’s fiduciary duties, (ii) is not and will
not become party to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement,
or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director, that has not been disclosed to the Company, and (iii) in
such person’s individual capacity and on behalf of any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would
be in compliance with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, and stock ownership and trading
policies and guidelines of the Company. The Committee may require additional information from the nominee to perform its evaluation.

Board Membership Criteria and Selection Process
for Director Nominees

In addition to stockholder
nominations for Directors, the Committee on Directors and Governance also considers candidates for Board membership as recommended
by Directors or executive management. The Committee on Directors and Governance uses the same criteria to evaluate all candidates
for Board membership, whether recommended by Directors, executive management, or stockholders. As it deems necessary, the Committee
on Directors and Governance may engage consultants or third-party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating potential
nominees. The Committee on Directors and Governance seeks candidates with the highest professional and personal ethics and values
and who will operate in accordance with the Company’s Code of Conduct and corporate governance guidelines. The Committee
on Directors and Governance also assesses a candidate’s ability to make independent analytical inquiries, and willingness
to devote adequate time to Board duties. Prospective candidates should be committed to representing the long-term interests of
the Company’s stockholders. Moreover, a potential candidate must exhibit an inquisitive and objective perspective, an ability
to think strategically, an ability to identify practical problems, and an ability to assess alternative courses of action that
contribute to the long-term success of the business. Director nominees should possess at least the following experience, attributes,
and characteristics:

Experience (in one or more of the following):

-
Leadership experience at the policy-making level;

-
Specialized expertise in the industries in which the Company competes;

-
Demonstrated business acumen or special technical skills or expertise (e.g., auditing, financial,
law and aerospace/defense);

36

-
Breadth of knowledge about issues affecting the Company;

-
Ability and willingness to contribute special competencies to Board activities; and

-
Expertise and experience that is useful to the Company and complementary to the background
and experience of other Board members.

Personal attributes and characteristics:

-
Personal integrity;

-
Loyalty to the Company and concern for its success and welfare, and willingness to apply sound
independent business judgment;

-
Awareness of a director’s vital part in the Company’s good corporate citizenship
and corporate image; and

-
Willingness to assume fiduciary responsibilities.

The Committee on Directors
and Governance annually evaluates the performance of the Board, each of the committees, and each of the members of the Board.
It also reviews the size of the Board and whether it would be beneficial to add additional members and/or any new skills or expertise,
considering the overall operating efficiency of the Board and its committees. If the Board has a vacancy, or if the Committee
determines that it would be beneficial to add an additional member, the Committee will consider the factors identified above and
all other factors, which the Committee in its best judgment deems relevant at such time.

Once an individual has
been identified by the Committee on Directors and Governance as a potential candidate, the Committee, as an initial matter, may
collect and review publicly available information regarding the individual to assess whether the individual should be considered
further. Generally, if the individual expresses a willingness to be considered and to serve on the Board, and the Committee believes
that the individual has the potential to be a good candidate, the Committee would seek to gather information from or about the
individual, review the individual’s accomplishments and qualifications in light of any other candidates that the Committee
might be considering, and, as appropriate, conduct one or more interviews with the individual. In certain instances, Committee
members may contact one or more references provided by the candidate or may contact other members of the business community or
other individuals that may have greater first-hand knowledge of the candidate’s accomplishments. The Committee’s evaluation
process does not vary based on whether a prospective candidate is recommended by a stockholder, although, as stated above in the
section titled “Stockholder Nominations for Directors” on page 35 of this Proxy Statement, the Board may take
into consideration the number of shares held by the recommending stockholder and the length of time that such shares have been
held.

The Committee on Directors
and Governance does not have a formal written policy regarding considering diversity in identifying nominees for directors. But
when considering director candidates, it seeks individuals with backgrounds, skills, business and professional experiences, industry
affiliations, and geographical representation, so that when combined with those of the Company’s other directors, brings
a broad range of capabilities to build a skillful, responsive, and effective Board. The Company believes its nominees for directors
at this Annual Meeting appropriately reflect a mix of experience and skills and of professional backgrounds.

Board Tenure

The Board strives to
maintain an appropriate balance of tenure and refreshment among directors. The Board believes there are significant benefits from
the valuable experience and familiarity with the Company and its people and processes that longer-tenured directors bring, as
well as significant benefits from the fresh perspectives and ideas that new directors bring. The average tenure of our Director
nominees is 6.3 years. Under the Board’s corporate governance guidelines, Directors are expected to retire from the Board
effective at the Annual Meeting after reaching the age of 75. We believe the Board strikes the right balance of longer serving
and newer directors.

37

Board Member Time Commitments

Directors are expected
to commit substantial time and energy to the Board and should ensure that other existing and future time commitments do not materially
interfere with their service as a director. With respect to other directorships, the Company’s Policy on Outside Board Membership
requires that no Curtiss-Wright executive or non-executive Director may serve on more than three boards of public companies in
addition to the Curtiss-Wright Board (total of four). In addition, the Audit Committee charter requires that no member of the
Audit Committee may serve on more than two other public company audit committees (total of three) without first obtaining the
prior approval of the Board. Directors should notify both the Chair of the Board and the Chairperson of the Committee on Directors
and Governance before accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board.

Stockholder Engagement

The Company and the
Board believe engagement with Curtiss-Wright stockholders is an integrated, year-round process involving senior management and
the investor relations team. The Company welcomes the opportunity to openly engage with its stockholders regarding its performance
and success of its Pivot to Growth strategy, and believes it is important to understanding the interests and perspectives of all
stockholders.

The Company engages with stockholders to:

-
Provide visibility and transparency into the Company’s business, including
senior management’s perspectives on the financial and operational performance, capital allocation preferences, key trends
impacting its end markets and other industry developments;

-
Discuss and seek feedback on the Company’s communications and disclosures; issues that
are important to stockholders; hear stockholder expectations for the Company; and share the Company’s views;

-
Discuss and seek feedback on the Company’s executive compensation and corporate governance
policies and practices; and

-
Convey and incorporate feedback to senior management and the Board to enhance future disclosure
and decision-making, as appropriate.

Throughout the year,
the Company meets with research analysts and institutional investors to inform and share the Company’s perspective on its
financial and operational performance through its participation in investor conferences, non-conference roadshows, investor days
and other formal events where the Company may conduct group and one-on-one meetings, in addition to formal presentations. The
Company also engages with governance representatives of its major stockholders, through conference calls and emails that occur
during and outside of the proxy season.

During 2025, the Company
maintained active engagement through meetings and calls with its top 50 institutional investors who own approximately 40% of the
Company’s outstanding stock, in addition to conducting meetings with prospective stockholders. Overall, the Company conducted
approximately 200 meetings with institutional investors and prospects through industry conferences and non-conference events,
and separately conducted well in excess of 100 conversations by phone. Among the many topics discussed during this ordinary course
engagement were the Company’s business, Pivot to Growth strategy, long-term outlook and three-year financial targets provided
at its 2024 Investor Day, secular growth trends across key end markets, financial condition, governance, capital allocation preferences
and other topics of interest to stockholders and prospective stockholders.

The Board and senior
management are committed to acting according to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. As part of the Company’s
continuing efforts to create shareholder value, the comments, questions and suggestions offered by the Company’s investors
were shared with, and discussed by, the full Board, and their perspectives will inform the Board’s decision-making in 2026
and beyond.

38

The following report
of the Audit Committee does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into
any other Company filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent the Company specifically
incorporates this report by reference therein.

Audit Committee Report

Management is responsible
for the financial reporting process, including its system of internal controls, and for the preparation of consolidated financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our independent accountants
are responsible for auditing those financial statements and the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting. The
Audit Committee is responsible for monitoring and reviewing these processes. The Audit Committee does not have the duty or responsibility
to conduct auditing or accounting reviews or procedures. None of the members of the Audit Committee may be employees of the Company.
Additionally, the Audit Committee members may not represent themselves to be accountants or auditors for the Company, or to serve
as accountants or auditors by profession or experts in the fields of accounting or auditing for the Company. Therefore, the Audit
Committee has relied, without independent verification, on management’s representation that the financial statements have
been prepared with integrity and objectivity and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America and on the representations of the independent accountants included in their report on the Company’s financial
statements.

The oversight performed
by the Audit Committee does not provide it with an independent basis to determine that management has maintained appropriate accounting
and financial reporting principles, or policies or appropriate internal controls and procedures designed to assure compliance
with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, the discussions that the Audit Committee has with
management and the independent accountants do not assure that the financial statements are presented in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, that the audit of the financial statements has been carried out in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards, or that our independent accountants are in fact “independent.”

As more fully described
in its charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for, among other items, overseeing the integrity of the Company’s financial
statements and the financial reporting process, the systems of internal accounting and financial controls, the qualifications
and performance of the internal audit function and internal auditors, and the annual independent audit of the Company’s
financial statements by the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP. As
part of fulfilling its responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with management and Deloitte & Touche
LLP the audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2025, including a discussion of the quality, not just the acceptability,
of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements,
as well as the Company’s earnings releases and quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K prior to filing with
the SEC. In addition, the Audit Committee reviewed with management, Deloitte & Touche LLP, and the Company’s Director
of Internal Audit, the overall audit scope and plans, the results of internal and external audits, evaluations by management and
Deloitte & Touche LLP of the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting and the quality of the Company’s
financial reporting. The Audit Committee also discussed with Deloitte & Touche LLP the matters required to be discussed
by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) and the SEC. The Audit Committee
has also discussed and considered the independence of Deloitte & Touche LLP with representatives of Deloitte &
Touche LLP, reviewing as necessary all relationships and services (including non-audit services) that might bear on the objectivity
of Deloitte & Touche LLP, and received the written disclosures and the letter required under Rule 3526 of the PCAOB (Communications
with Audit Committees Concerning Independence) from Deloitte & Touche LLP. Based on the forgoing, the Audit Committee
concluded that Deloitte & Touche LLP is independent from the Company and its management. The Audit Committee schedules
separate private sessions, during its regularly scheduled meetings, with Deloitte & Touche LLP and the Company’s
Director of Internal Audit, at which candid discussions regarding financial management, accounting, auditing and internal control

39

issues takes place. Deloitte & Touche LLP is also encouraged
to discuss any other matters they desire with the Audit Committee, the Director of Internal Audit, and/or the full Board of Directors.

The opinions of Deloitte &
Touche LLP are filed separately in the 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the reading of the
financial statements.

Based upon the Audit
Committee’s review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the
audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2025, for filing with the SEC.

AUDIT COMMITTEE OF
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Robert J. Rivet, Chairperson
Dean M. Flatt
Glenda J. Minor
Larry D. Wyche

40

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS

This Compensation Discussion
and Analysis (“CD&A”) details the Executive Compensation Committee’s (“Committee”) decisions
regarding the compensation programs and practices as they relate to the Company’s Named Executive Officers (“NEOs”).
The NEOs are identified below along with their offices held during fiscal year 2025:

-
Lynn M. Bamford, Chair and Chief Executive Officer

-
K. Christopher Farkas, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (a)

-
Kevin M. Rayment, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (b)

-
George P. McDonald, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (c)

-
John C. Watts, Vice President - Strategy and Corporate Development (d)

(a)
Effective January 1, 2026, Mr. Farkas’ title changed to Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer.

(b)
Effective January 1, 2026, Mr. Rayment’s title changed to Executive Vice President and
Chief Operating Officer.

(c)
Effective January 1, 2026, Mr. McDonald’s title changed to Executive Vice President,
General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary.

(d)
Effective January 1, 2026, Mr. Watts’ title changed to Executive Vice President and
Chief Growth Officer.

2025 Company Financial
Performance

The dedication of Curtiss-Wright
employees to serving its customers and meeting the Company’s commitments to stakeholders drove very strong performance in
fiscal 2025, with strong increases in sales, operating margin, earnings per share, and free cash flow. As a result, Company performance
was near maximum relative to target against its financial performance metrics (adjusted operating margin, year-over-year organic
sales growth, and working capital as a percentage of sales) under the annual incentive compensation plan. As a result, bonus payments
for the NEOs under the annual incentive program were well above target level pay. In addition, under the long-term incentive plan,
the Company was at maximum relative to target against its financial performance metrics (total sales growth and adjusted earnings
per share) under the long-term incentive compensation plan over the past three-year performance period (2023-2025). As a result,
cash-based performance units payouts for the 2023-2025 performance period were at maximum of target level pay and TSR was at the
93 rd percentile of the Company’s peer group. The Company believes these results demonstrate the strong pay-for-performance
alignment under its annual and long-term incentive compensation plans.

In 2025, the Company’s
three-year total shareholder return (TSR) ranked in the 93 rd percentile against the Company’s peer group. TSR
is the change in our Common Stock price plus dividends from the beginning of the measurement period to the end (three years, 1/1/2023
to 12/31/2025). The Company’s 2025 financial performance as measured under the Company’s executive compensation plans
were as follows:

-
Adjusted Organic Sales Growth of 11.6%.

-
Adjusted Operating Margin of 18.5%; and

-
Working Capital as a percentage of Sales of 19.2%.

The Company’s financial
performance includes adjustments referenced in the Company’s fourth quarter 2025 earnings release furnished to the SEC on
February 12, 2026. The Company’s financial performance above excludes the performance of any acquisitions consummated during
the performance period.

41

The following charts illustrate
how the Company compares against the peer group set forth on page 45 of this Proxy Statement measuring one and three-year indexed
TSR as of December 31, 2025. Indexed TSR means the value at the end of the 1 and 3-year measurement periods of a hypothetical $100
invested at the beginning of the periods.

2025 Incentive Payouts

As discussed in the section
titled “2025 Company Financial Performance” on page 41 of this CD&A, the Committee believes incentive awards
earned by the NEOs for fiscal 2025 reflect the Company’s commitment to pay for performance.

-
2025 annual incentive awards were paid on average at 180% of target for the NEOs
with incentives based on Company financial objectives (80%) and individual (20%) performance.

-
Cash-based performance units for the NEOs for the 2023-2025 performance period were paid at
maximum or 200% of target, based on 3-year average total sales growth and 3-year average adjusted earnings-per-share growth.

-
Performance Share Units payout for the 2023-2025 performance period was at maximum or 200%
of target, attributable to the Company’s relative TSR performance to the Company’s peer group.

Compensation Practices
and Policies

The Committee frequently reviews
the Company’s executive compensation program to ensure it supports the Company’s compensation philosophy and objectives
and continues to drive corporate performance to achieve the Company’s strategic plan. The Committee continues to implement
and maintain best practices for executive compensation. Listed below are some of the best practices the

42

Company follows for all participants of the incentive
plans and the practices that the Company does not include in its program:

What Curtiss-Wright Does

What Curtiss-Wright Does Not Do

-

Aligns pay and performance
using measures of financial and operating performance including use of relative TSR

-

Ties NEO payouts to publicly released numbers to ensure
transparency in incentive plan payouts.

-

No NEO employment agreements

-

Does not engage in executive compensation practices
that encourage excessive risk

-

Balances short-term and long-term incentives using
multiple performance measures that focus on profitable top line growth

-

No short sales, hedging,
or pledging of Curtiss-Wright stock

-

No reloading, re-pricing or backdating stock options

-

Places maximum caps on incentive payouts consistent
with market competitive practice

-

No tax gross-ups on change-in-control benefits for
executives

-

Establishes rigorous stock ownerships guidelines for
NEOs and Board members including a 50% mandatory hold on net shares until ownership guidelines
are met for NEOs

-

No dividends on unvested
or unearned performance units/shares

-

No excessive perquisites

-

Maintains robust clawback policies on all incentive
compensation, including the adoption of an incentive compensation clawback policy for Section
16 officers pursuant to Dodd-Frank in the event of certain accounting restatements

-

No excessive severance and/or change-in- control provisions

-

Uses an independent external compensation consultant
to review and advise on executive compensation

-

Uses double trigger Change-in-Control Agreements for
equity vesting under the Corporation’s Long-Term Incentive Plan

-

Provides incentive-based compensation opportunities
throughout most of the organization

Consideration of
Say on Pay Results

The Company provides its stockholders
an annual advisory vote to approve its executive compensation program under Section 14A of the Exchange Act. At the 2025 Annual
Meeting of stockholders, over 92% of shares voted were in favor of the Company’s executive pay programs (commonly known as
Say on Pay).

Stockholder input is important
to the Committee. The Company regularly solicits input from its major stockholders on the Company’s executive compensation
programs. The Company received overall positive feedback regarding the Company’s performance, core compensation structure,
and elements of its executive compensation program.

The Committee evaluated these
results, considered stockholder feedback received by the Company, and took into account many other factors in evaluating the Company’s
executive compensation programs as discussed in this CD&A. The Committee also assessed the interaction of our compensation
programs with our business objectives, input from its independent compensation consultant, Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. (“FW
Cook”), and review of peer data, each of which is evaluated in the context of the Committee’s fiduciary duty to act
as the directors determine to be in the

43

best interests of the Company. While each of
these factors contributed to the Committee’s decisions regarding our NEOs’ compensation, the Committee did not make
any material changes to our 2025 executive compensation program and policies as the Committee believes that the 2025 voting results
as well as investor feedback indicate stockholders’ approval of the NEO’s compensation levels, objectives, program
design, and rationale.

Overview of the
2025 Executive Compensation Program

Compensation
Philosophy

The Company’s overall
compensation philosophy for all participants and objectives will support and enable:

-
Curtiss-Wright’s vision of achieving top quartile performance compared to
its peer group

-
Pay outcomes aligned company performance with shareholder interests by targeting NEO total
direct compensation opportunities at market median, which provides the opportunity for above median pay for above median performance
and below median pay for below median performance

-
Incentive Metrics and Targets dictated by the Company’s strategic goals that are:

-
Evaluated annually based on financial performance and outlook

-
Modified in terms of weighting and mix as Curtiss-Wright’s performance advances towards
or enters the top quartile

-
Reviewed and assessed as business conditions change with exceptions possible when aligned
with strategic purposes

-
Long-Term Incentives (LTI) including equity as a key component thereby aligning
70% of NEO’s LTI grant value with shareholder interests through 3-year performance-based vehicles

-
Compensation to be a tool for key employee retention and talent development

Compensation
mix

To reinforce the Company’s
pay for performance philosophy, two-thirds of targeted total direct compensation for the CEO and greater than one-half for each
NEO and all other participants of the incentive plans is contingent upon performance and, therefore, fluctuates with the Company’s
financial results and/or share price. The Committee targets total direct compensation opportunities for the general participant
group on average to the 50th percentile (median) of the Company’s relevant market and peer data with actual upside and downside
pay tied to corresponding performance.

2025 Target Compensation
Mix and “Pay at Risk”

Performance-based compensation
includes, annual incentives, equity-based performance share units, and cash-based performance units, which account for 66% of the
CEO’s total target compensation and on average 57% of the total target compensation for the remaining NEOs.

44

The acronyms PSUs, PUPs, and
RSUs in the above pie charts mean equity-based performance share units (“PSUs”), cash-based performance units (“PUPs”),
and time-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”), respectively, each of which is discussed in more detail later in this
CDA.

Competitive market
data and peer group data

The Committee analyzed competitive market
data from two sources:

1. Peer group; and

2. Survey data

The Committee utilizes both
peer group and aerospace and defense industry survey data when evaluating NEO compensation levels. The peer group data is representative
of competitors with similar product lines, markets / industries and relative revenue size. Peer group incentive plan practices
are a key measure for selecting the Company’s annual incentive plan and performance-based long-term incentive plan metrics.
The Committee, with guidance from FW Cook and Management, reviewed but did not change the peer group used for competitive market
assessments in late 2024, which informed 2025 pay decisions. The final 2025 peer group approved by the Committee consisted of the
following 16 companies:

-
AAR Corp.

-
Kratos Defense & Security Solutions Inc.

-
Ametek, Inc.

-
Mercury Systems Inc.

-
Barnes Group Inc.

-
Moog Inc.

-
BWX Technologies, Inc.

-
Parsons Corporation

-
Crane Co.

-
Teledyne Technologies Inc.

-
Hexcel Corp.

-
TransDigm Group Inc.

-
Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc.

-
Triumph Group, Inc.

-
ITT Inc.

-
Woodward Inc.

45

While the Committee reviews
both peer group data and nationally recognized survey data from third party sources, the Committee primarily relies on peer group
data for the CEO and CFO, while placing more focus on nationally recognized executive survey data from third party sources for
the other NEOs. The Committee believes that due to the smaller number of peer matches and more robust sample size of the surveys,
the latter provides more robust and reliable compensation data for roles other than the CEO and CFO.

Roles in determining
2025 Executive Compensation

Summarized in the table below are roles
and responsibilities for executive compensation:

Groups
Involved
Roles and
Responsibilities

Executive
Compensation
Committee

-  Determines the
compensation levels for all participants including the executive officers annually

-  Oversees the administration
of the Company’s incentive compensation programs and executive officer salaries.

-  Reviews competitiveness
and business fit of overall incentive compensation plans, philosophy and policies

-  Oversees cost and
design of the Company’s retirement plans and recommends changes to the full Board

-  Selects, oversees,
and directs the activities of the external executive compensation consultant and ensures the independence of such consultant

-  Reviews and evaluates
compensation plans and arrangements to assess whether they could encourage undue risk taking

-  Reviews and approves
the personal and financial annual and long-term goals and objectives for the executive officers and the Company, evaluates
the executive officers and the Company’s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and determines and
approves all annual and long-term incentive compensation of the executive officers based on this evaluation

Board Members
-  Oversee design and cost changes to the retirement plans

Independent
Committee
Consultant
-

Provides advice on officer and board of directors compensation matters

-

Provides information on competitive market trends in general executive compensation
as it impacts officers

-

Provides proposals for officer compensation programs, program design, including measures,
goal setting, and pay and performance alignment and other topics as the Committee deems appropriate

-

Is directly accountable to the Committee, which has sole authority to engage, dismiss,
and approve the terms of engagement of the compensation consultant

CEO
-

Evaluates performance of the executive officers other than her own

-

Makes recommendations to the Committee regarding base salary, annual incentive compensation
targets, long-term cash incentive compensation targets, and long-term equity compensation for the executive officers other
than herself as well as all other participants in the Company’s incentive plans

Other Executives:
CFO, VP of Total
Rewards
-

Makes recommendations to the CEO and Committee regarding officer annual and long-term
incentive plan design and performance metrics

-

Provides officer compensation analysis in collaboration with the Committee’s independent
consultant

-

Provides information and recommendations regarding board of director pay with oversight
by the Committee’s independent consultant and the Committee on Directors and Governance

46

During 2025, FW Cook did not
provide services to the Company other than services provided to the Committee as an independent advisor on executive and non-employee
director compensation matters. The Committee assessed the independence of FW Cook in accordance with applicable rules of the New
York Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding independence of advisors to compensation committees. As
part of this assessment, the Committee reviewed, among others, the independence and conflict of interest policies of FW Cook as
well as FW Cook’s relationship with the Company and the members of the Committee. Based on this review and assessment, it
is the Committee and the Company’s belief that the services provided by FW Cook were independent and free from any conflict
of interest.

2025 Compensation Components

The table below summarizes
each of the Company’s 2025 compensation components and its role in the Company’s compensation program.

Compensation Component
Role
in the Executive Compensation Program

Base Salary
-

Provides fixed compensation based on responsibility level, position held, job duties performance, years of experience in the position, and market value

Annual Incentive

Compensation

-

Motivates and rewards achieving annual financial and operational business objectives that are linked to the Company’s overall short-term business strategy

Long-Term Incentive
Program
-

Motivates participants to achieve longer-term financial goals
that drive shareholder value through three components:

1. Performance-based restricted stock units (metric = relative TSR against
the peer group – 40% weighted (provided to certain senior level executives)

2. Cash-based performance units (metrics = total sales growth and adjusted
EPS growth) – 30% weighted (provided to all participants), and

3. Time-based restricted stock units (provided to all participants)
– 30% weighted

-

Promotes stock ownership and aligns incentive awards with
stockholder interests

-

Rewards achievement of longer-term (three year) business objectives
that are linked to the Company’s overall longer-term business strategy and total return to stockholders; whereas
the time-based restricted stock unit award encourages retention

Employee Stock
Purchase Plan
-

Allows substantially all full-time employees the ability to
set aside money to purchase stock of the Company

-

Promotes stock ownership and aligns employees with stockholder
interests

Executive Deferred
Compensation Plan
-

Permits deferral of compensation in excess of 401(k) statutory
limits for tax advantaged savings

-

Provides officers and other executives with a savings opportunity
comparable to other employees

Traditional Defined
Benefit Pension
Plan
-

Promotes the long-term retention and financial health of employees
to remain competitive with industry peers

-

Provides a defined benefit taking into consideration years
of service, age and compensation

Note: The Company’s traditional defined benefit pension plan is closed to new entrants. It will cease to provide
accruals to existing participants at the end of 2028.

47

Compensation
Component
Role
in the Executive Compensation Program

Restoration
(Pension and
Savings) Plans
-

Provides competitive retirement benefit

-

Promotes long-term retention of key executives by providing an increasing
value tied directly to length of service

Note: The Company’s traditional pension plan is closed to new entrants. It will cease to provide accruals to existing
participants at the end of 2028.

401(k) Plan
-

Provides all regular domestic employees (full-time and part-time) with
the ability to set aside compensation on a pre-tax basis subject to IRS guidelines for investment in various investment
vehicles under the plan

-

Provides added retirement benefit by way of a competitive matching contribution
to those employees not participating in the Company’s traditional pension plan

Limited Executive
Perquisites
-

Provides a competitive level, business-related benefit to the Company and assists with key aspects of employment: health and financial wellness

Post-Employment
Agreements
-

Delivers temporary income following an NEO’s involuntary termination of employment. In the case of change-in-control, provides continuity of management.

2025 Compensation Decisions
and the Basis for Decisions

Base Salary

Base salary is intended to
compensate employees, including our NEOs, for performance of core job responsibilities and duties. Base salary drives other pay
components in that it is used to determine target values for annual incentive compensation, long-term incentive compensation, retirement
benefit calculations, severance protection, and change-in-control benefits.

The Committee determines and
approves NEO salaries annually that reflect the value of the position measured by competitive market data, the NEOs’ individual
performance, and the individual’s longer-term intrinsic value to the Company.

For 2025, the NEO’s base salaries
were increased as shown in the table below:

NEO
2024 Base Salary
2025 Base Salary
% difference

Ms. Bamford
$ 1,050,000
$ 1,100,000
4.8 %

Mr. Farkas
$ 612,200
$ 655,100
7.0 %

Mr. Rayment
$ 642,700
$ 662,000
3.0 %

Mr. McDonald*
N/A
$ 450,000
N/A

Mr. Watts
$ 394,500
$ 410,300
4.0 %

*
Mr. McDonald was not a NEO in 2024.

Annual Incentive Compensation

For 2025, the NEOs participated
in the Curtiss-Wright Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended (“ICP”), which is a broad-based management incentive
plan that was last approved by the Company’s stockholders in May 2023.

The Company believes that
an important portion of the overall cash compensation for all participants in the incentive programs should be contingent upon
the successful achievement of certain annual corporate financial and individual goals and objectives that contribute to enhanced
shareholder value over time. Accordingly, 80% of each participant’s annual incentive target is tied to financial performance,
while the remaining 20% is tied to significant individual goals and objectives.

48

Similar to the process described
above to determine annual base salaries, the Committee annually establishes a target bonus opportunity for each NEO. For 2025,
each NEO had the following target bonus opportunity:

NEO
2025 Target Bonus
(% of Base Salary)

Ms. Bamford
130 %

Mr. Farkas
90 %

Mr. Rayment
90 %

Mr. McDonald
65 %

Mr. Watts
60 %

For the 2025 ICP, the Committee,
in consultation with Management and FW Cook selected three financial measures and key individual performance-based objectives for
all NEOs as summarized in the table below, which includes respective weightings and rationale for each measure:

Goal
Weighting
Rationale

Corporate Adjusted
Operating Margin;
“OM”(a)
30%
-

Requires management to pursue profitable growth; Drives pricing
focus, operational excellence and efficiency

-

Is easily understood, measurable, and reflects management’s
performance

-

Is a key driver of Company business strategy

-

Is correlated with the Company’s TSR

Organic Sales Growth; “OSG”
20%
-

Long-term driver of shareholder value

-

Is easily understood, measurable, and reflects management
performance

-

Is a key driver of overall Company success and TSR

Working Capital; “WC”
30%
-

Requires management to reduce its working capital as a percentage
of sales

-

Free cash flow enhances shareholder value by allowing Curtiss-Wright
for example, to pursue acquisitions, pay dividends, and buy back stock

Individual Objectives
20%
-

Requires a portion of the annual incentive to be based on
performance objectives for which each executive is directly responsible

-

Allows for differentiation of awards based on individual contributions

-

Supports leadership development and succession planning

(a)
Adjusted metric.

ICP Formula

Payout = (30% of Target x
OM Performance Rating) + (20% of Target x OSG Rating) + (30% of Target x WC Rating) + (20% of Target x Individual Rating)

Any adjustments are reviewed
by FW Cook, approved by the Committee, and audited by our internal audit staff. These adjustments ensure that Management makes
decisions based on the best interests of the Company and stockholders. In 2025, the Committee made no adjustments to the financial
performance results of the Company other than those that were reflected in the Company’s year-end financial press released
furnished to the SEC on February 12, 2026.

49

Goal Setting
Process

Annual ICP financial performance
goals are developed through a rigorous goal setting process to test the validity of the Company’s performance objectives.
In reviewing and setting performance targets, the Committee considers the Company’s three-year strategic plan, annual budget,
the Company’s compensation structure, historical and forecasted performance for the Company and its peer group, analyst estimates
of prospective performance of the Company and its peer group, the Company’s cost of capital, and industry headwinds and significant
uncertainty in the macro-economic environment, including inflation and a tight labor market. Individual goals are developed independently
between the respective NEO and the CEO. Individual’s goals of the CEO and each other NEO are then presented along with their
rationale to the Committee for consideration and approval. All goals are tied to strategic business needs for the coming year and
are pushed down through the organization to align all incentive pay participants with Company goals and objectives. The Committee
believes that this approach provides consistency and continuity in the execution of the Company’s short-term goals as well
as a strategic tie to the accomplishment of the Company’s long-term objectives.

The goals set by the Committee
are designed to provide correlating pay for performance while targeting to the 50th percentile. For pay above the 50th percentile,
there must be a corresponding level of performance.

2025 Annual
Incentive Compensation (ICP) Payout

No incentive is paid if performance
falls below threshold, and payouts are capped and may not exceed 200% of target. For 2025, the range of OM (%) performance was:

OM Range of Performance
Corporate

Threshold
17.1 %

Target
18.0 %

Maximum
18.5 %

For 2025, the range of OSG (%) performance was:

OSG Range of Performance
Corporate

Threshold
6.0 %

Target
9.0 %

Maximum
12.0 %

For 2025, the range of WC (% of Sales) performance was:

WC Range of Performance
Corporate

Threshold
22.3 %

Target
20.3 %

Maximum
19.3 %

Individual objectives are
generally measurable and weighted based on their relative importance to the goals of the business unit and the overall success
of the Company. Individual objectives can be quantitative or more subjective as long as they support operational success and reflect
management’s strategy. The Committee reviews each NEO’s individual performance. The CEO provides a rating between 1
(one) and 5 (five) for each of the NEOs’ objectives other than herself. A performance rating of 3 (three) equates to 100%
of target achievement; a 5 (five) represents 200% of target, or maximum achievement; and a 2 (two) represents 50% of target, or
threshold achievement. A participant does not receive an award under the individual component of the ICP for a rating of less than
two. Each objective is multiplied by its weighting and then totaled for an overall rating. The overall rating is then multiplied
against 20% of the NEO’s ICP target award to derive a payout.

Individual specific goals
for NEOs in 2025 related to investor outreach, strategic sales growth (organic and inorganic), senior management succession planning,
implement financial management systems, increase backlog, contract risk management, compliance with laws and regulations, improve
U.S. Government relations, increase M&A opportunities, and enhance strategic planning process.

In order to assess the NEOs’
individual performance, the Committee is generally provided with detailed supporting documentation. In awarding a rating to each
NEO, the Committee analyzes this

50

supporting justification, and takes into account
the Company’s overall performance and the assessment of the Chief Executive Officer. The Committee considered the following
achievements when determining the individual component payout of each NEO:

-
The Committee determined that Ms. Bamford achieved a score of 3.3 (115% of target)
based on her successful efforts in (i) planning and executing a strategy to position the Company to increase sales growth
(organic and inorganic), (ii) establishing and maintaining effective lines of communications with stockholders and the investment
community, including participating in investor conferences to promote the Company’s growth strategy, and (iii) her review
of key development plans and identification of potential successors to key roles;

-
The Committee determined that Mr. Farkas achieved a score of 3.5 (125% of target) based on
his successful efforts in (i) implementing a new financial management system to enhance quality of data for efficient forecasting
and reporting, and (ii) establishing and maintaining effective lines of communications with stockholders and the investment
community to strengthen stock awareness and promote the Company’s Pivot to Growth Strategy by participating in investor
conferences;

-
The Committee determined that Mr. Rayment achieved a score of 3.0 (100% of target) based on
his successful efforts in developing strategies to expand the Company’s backlog;

-
The Committee determined that Mr. McDonald achieved a score of 3.8 (140% of target) based
on his successful efforts in (i) implementing a contract management system and establishing a contracts council to assist
in managing contractual risk, and (ii) educating Company employees on recent developments in the law and best practices to
ensure compliance with laws and regulations to minimize risk; and

-
The Committee determined that Mr. Watts achieved a score of 3.6 (130% of target) based on
his successful efforts in (i) developing strategies to improve relations with the U.S Government to promote the Company and
its interests; (ii) developing strategies to increase M&A opportunities to expand inorganic growth; and (iii) implementing
enhancements to the Company’s strategic planning process to promote the Company’s growth strategies in a clear
and concise manner.

The following table details
the 2025 ICP payout to each NEO based on actual financial results for the Company versus target and each NEO’s 2025 individual
performance rating. Payouts are based on base salary rate for portions of the year due to any mid-year base salary increases as
discussed above. With regard to the financial payout for the Company, the Company performed well above its financial targets, which
resulted in the payouts in the table below.

51

In no event may ICP awards
for participants be increased on a discretionary basis; however, the Committee does have the discretion to decrease the amount
of any award paid to any participant under the ICP. For 2025, the Committee did not exercise any downward discretion.

NEO
Target % of Base Salary
Goal
Weight
Actual Result
2025 ICP Payout as % of Target
2025 ICP Target ($)
2025 ICP Payout ($)

Ms. Bamford
130 %
Individual Portion
20 %
3.3
115 %
$ 286,000
$ 328,900

OM Portion
30 %
18.5 %
196 %
$ 429,000
$ 840,840

OSG Portion
20 %
11.6 %
186 %
$ 286,000
$ 531,960

WC Portion
30 %
19.2 %
200 %
$ 429,000
$ 858,000

Total Payout

$ 2,559,700

Mr. Farkas
90 %
Individual Portion
20 %
3.5
125 %
$ 117,918
$ 147,398

OM Portion
30 %
18.5 %
196 %
$ 176,877
$ 346,679

OSG Portion
20 %
11.6 %
186 %
$ 117,918
$ 219,327

WC Portion
30 %
19.2 %
200 %
$ 176,877
$ 353,754

Total Payout

$ 1,067,158

Mr. Rayment
90 %
Individual Portion
20 %
3.0
100 %
$ 119,160
$ 119,160

OM Portion
30 %
18.5 %
196 %
$ 178,740
$ 350,330

OSG Portion
20 %
11.6 %
186 %
$ 119,160
$ 221,638

WC Portion
30 %
19.2 %
200 %
$ 178,740
$ 357,480

Total Payout

$ 1,048,608

Mr. McDonald
65 %
Individual Portion
20 %
3.8
140 %
$ 58,500
$ 81,900

OM Portion
30 %
18.5 %
196 %
$ 87,750
$ 171,990

OSG Portion
20 %
11.6 %
186 %
$ 58,500
$ 108,810

WC Portion
30 %
19.2 %
200 %
$ 87,750
$ 175,500

Total Payout

$ 538,200

Mr. Watts
60 %
Individual Portion
20 %
3.6
130 %
$ 49,236
$ 64,007

OM Portion
30 %
18.5 %
196 %
$ 73,854
$ 144,754

OSG Portion
20 %
11.6 %
186 %
$ 49,236
$ 91,579

WC Portion
30 %
19.2 %
200 %
$ 73,854
$ 147,708

Total Payout

$ 448,048

Aggregate Payout

$ 5,661,714

Key
Changes to the Annual Incentive Compensation Design for 2026

There were no changes made
to the ICP metrics and weightings for 2026. They will be working capital as a percent of sales (30%), operating margin (30%), organic
sales growth (20%), and individual goals (20%).

Long-Term
Incentive Program

The Company’s long-term
incentive plan (“LTIP”) is designed to ensure its executive officers and key management employees are focused on longer-term
stockholder value creation through incentive compensation that rewards for longer-term (i.e., three years or more) performance.

In determining the 2025 LTIP
grants, the Committee considered the following factors:

-
Continued focus on creating stockholder value to align executive compensation and stockholder outcomes

-
Targeting executives’ pay opportunities competitively with the market median

-
Rewarding each individual for his or her direct contribution to revenue and profitability of the business

52

Listed below are the 2025
target LTIP values for the NEOs:

NEO
2025 LTIP Value as
% of Base Salary

Ms. Bamford
520 %

Mr. Farkas
225 %

Mr. Rayment
225 %

Mr. McDonald
125 %

Mr. Watts
85 %

If the NEOs drive Company
performance that achieves target levels, payouts will result in values that approximate market median LTIP payments.

2025
Long-Term Incentive Compensation

The Committee believes the
award mix summarized in the table below provides the proper amount of leverage in the LTIP program. The LTIP components will balance
the multiple interests of 1) significant pay at risk, 2) stockholder interests, 3) retention, and 4) internal and external performance
goals. The three components chosen will each accomplish a different “mission” in terms of incenting NEO performance.

Long-Term Incentive
Component (Weight)

Performance Condition/Vesting
Schedule

Objective of Design

PSUs (40%)

-

Three-year relative TSR against the peer group

-

Aligns pay with relative TSR

-

Aligns NEOs’ with shareholders’ interests

PUPs (30%)

-

Three-year average total sales growth (weighted 60%) and three-year average adjusted
EPS growth (weighted 40%) against objectives

-

Focus on internal goals linked to long-term business strategy

-

Use of cash to mitigate dilution and burn rate concerns

-

Aligns NEOs’ with shareholders’ interests

RSUs (30%)

-

Cliff vest 100% on the third anniversary of the date of grant

-

Retention

-

Stock ownership

-

Strengthens alignment with shareholders

Performance
Share Units

The target number of PSUs
granted is calculated by multiplying the total dollar value of the LTIP grant by the percentage of LTIP grant allocated to PSUs
and dividing by the closing price of the Company’s Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of
the grant.

The payout is determined based
on the table below in relation to peer performance. The Company has capped payout at 100% if absolute TSR is negative.

PSUs
2025-2027 Performance Period

TSR
vs. Peer Group
Payout
as a % of Target (1)

Maximum
≥
75 th

200 %

Target

50 th

100 %

Threshold

25 th

50 %

Below Threshold
<
25 th

0 %

(1)
Linear interpolation will apply for performance between disclosed payout levels.

53

Cash-Based
Performance Units

The target number of PUPs
granted is calculated by multiplying the total dollar value of the LTIP grant by the percentage of LTIP grant allocated to PUs.

The number of units vesting
can range from 0% to 200% of target. Performance targets for each goal are established at the beginning of the performance period.

Restricted
Stock Units

The number of RSUs granted
is calculated by multiplying the total dollar value of the LTIP grant by the percentage of LTIP grant allocated to RSUs and dividing
by the closing price of the Company’s Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of the grant. RSUs
cliff vest in three years.

2023-2025
Long-Term Incentive Compensation Payouts Performance Share Units

In February 2026, a PSU payout
was made to the NEOs for the March 2023 PSU grants covering performance for 2023-2025. The payout for PSUs for the performance
period 2023-2025 was a 200% payout based on achievement of relative TSR at the 93rd percentile against the Company’s peer
group.

Cash-Based
Performance Units

In February 2026, a cash-based
performance unit payout was made to the NEOs based on the cash-based performance unit grants covering the 2023-2025 performance
period. The 2023-2025 performance targets were based 60% on three-year average total sales growth and 40% on three-year average
adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) growth. The Company believes that total sales growth and adjusted EPS growth metrics
are long-term drivers of stockholder value. No incentive is paid if performance falls below Threshold, and payouts are capped and
may not exceed 200% of target.

-
Adjusted EPS is calculated as net earnings from continuing operations as adjusted for the items (which is agreed by the
Executive Compensation Committee) described in our publicly available annual earnings release on Form 8-K divided by the number
of weighted average diluted shares outstanding.

-
Total sales growth is calculated by computing the average of the percentage increases in sales in each of the years within
the performance period.

For the 2023-2025 performance
period, the target range of average total sales growth and adjusted EPS growth performance was:

Total
Sales Growth (%)
Adjusted
EPS Growth (%)

Threshold
1.0 %
2.0 %

Target
3.0 %
5.0 %

Maximum
5.0 %
6.0 %

The NEO awards are listed
in the Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement under the heading “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation”
and detailed below.

The following table details
results for the Company’s cash-based performance unit payouts granted in March 2023. The performance period 2023-2025 resulted
in performance of 17.2% for adjusted EPS growth and 10.6% for total sales growth. This equates to an 80% payout based on adjusted
EPS growth performance and a 120% payout based on total sales growth performance, for a total payout percentage of 200%.

54

NEO
Target
Performance Units
Payout
Percent
Performance
Unit Payout

Ms. Bamford
$ 1,290,000
200 %
$ 2,580,000

Mr. Farkas
$ 367,290
200 %
$ 734,580

Mr. Rayment
$ 421,200
200 %
$ 842,400

Mr. McDonald
$ 137,452
200 %
$ 274,904

Mr. Watts
$ 86,175
200 %
$ 172,350

Key Changes
to the 2026 LTIP Design and Grants

To align the NEOs interests
with the Company’s long-term success, the cash-based performance units (PUP-cash) has been changed to equity-based performance
units (PUP-shares) utilizing the identical metrics the Company previously used for PUP-cash, i.e., three-year average total sales
growth (weighted 60%) and three-year average adjusted earnings per shares growth (weighted 40%) against objectives. There were
no other changes made to the LTIP award mix, metrics, and weighting for 2026. LTIP grants consisted of equity-based performance
share units (“PSUs”), equity-based performance units (“PUP-shares”), and time-based restricted stock units
(“RSUs”).

Employee
Stock Purchase Plan

The Company’s NEOs,
along with substantially all other full time Company employees, are eligible to participate in the Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). The purpose of the ESPP is to encourage employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
to increase their ownership in our Common Stock. To achieve this purpose, the ESPP provides all participating employees with the
opportunity to purchase our Common Stock through a payroll deduction at a 15% discount of the market value of the stock, unless
(i) the employee owns more than 5% of our Common Stock or (ii) the employee has the right to purchase our Common Stock under the
plan that would accrue at a rate which exceeds $25,000 in fair market value for each calendar year in which such right to purchase
is outstanding. The ESPP is offered in six-month “offering periods” commencing on January 1 and ending on June
30 (or if on a weekend the preceding trading day) and commencing on July 1 and ending on December 31 (or if on a weekend the preceding
trading day) of each year. At the end of each offering period, participant contributions are used to purchase a number of shares
of Common Stock (subject to IRS limits), in an amount equal to 85% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the last day
of each offering period. An employee who elects to participate in the ESPP will have payroll deductions made on each payday during
the six-month period.

During 2025, Ms. Bamford and
Messrs. Farkas, Rayment, McDonald and Watts participated in the ESPP, purchasing 60, 60, 91, 57, and 33 shares of Common Stock
under the plan, respectively. These share purchases are equivalent to the maximum annual contribution limit under the plan for
each participating executive.

Executive
Deferred Compensation Plan

The NEOs are also eligible
to participate in the Company’s non-qualified executive deferred compensation plan that allows participants to defer compensation
in excess of certain statutory limits that apply to qualified retirement plans. Each participant may defer up to 25% of their
base salary; 50% of their annual performance bonus; and 50% of the cash portion of their long-term cash award. The rate of interest
is determined each year according to the average rate on 30-year Treasury bonds for November of the previous calendar year, plus
2.0%. Thus, the rate fluctuates annually. The average 30-year Treasury bond rate for November 2024 was 4.53% and money in the
Plan earned 6.53% for 2025. Earnings begin accruing upon deposit and are compounded daily. Earnings are posted to the participants
account on the final day of each month. See “Deferred Compensation Plans” section on page 66 in this Proxy
Statement. In 2025, Ms. Bamford participated in the executive deferred compensation plan.

55

Pension
Plans

The NEOs (except Mr. Rayment 1 )
also participate in the Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan (the “Retirement Plan”) and the Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Retirement Benefits Restoration Plan (the “Restoration Plan”). This is consistent with the Company’s philosophy
that compensation should promote the long-term retention and financial health of its employees and be competitive with industry
peers. The Company’s retirement plans integrate other components of the Company’s executive compensation program by
generally including base salary and cash incentive compensation in determining retirement plan benefits.

The Retirement Plan is a tax
qualified, defined benefit plan made up of two separate benefits: (1) a traditional, final average pay (FAP) formula component
(this benefit was closed to new entrants as of February 1, 2010 and has a 15-year sunset period commencing on January 1, 2014)
and (2) a cash balance component (this benefit was closed to future participants and pay credits ceased as of January 1, 2014,
although interest continues to accrue on accounts). Both plans are non-contributory and employees hired prior to its close participate
in one or both of the benefits, including the NEOs.

On September 1, 1994, the
Company amended and restated the Retirement Plan, and any benefits accrued as of August 31, 1994 were transferred into the amended
Retirement Plan. The Retirement Plan, as amended, provides for an annual benefit at age 65 of 1.5% times the five-year final average
compensation in excess of social security covered compensation, plus 1% of the five-year final average compensation up to social
security covered compensation, in each case multiplied by the participant’s years of service after September 1, 1994, not
to exceed 35. Funds contributed to the Cash Balance portion of the Plan before it was frozen are credited to a notional cash balance
account that grows with interest based on the rates each December for 30-Year Treasury Bonds.

As of January 1, 2015, no
NEO had accrued any pension benefits prior to the plan merger in 1994: Ms. Bamford, Mr. Farkas, Mr. McDonald, and Mr. Watts commenced
their employment with the Company after September 1, 1994, and therefore did not accrue a monthly pension under the Retirement
Plan prior to September 1, 1994; however, all NEOs continue to accrue a benefit under the amended Retirement Plan. The Company
maintains an unfunded, non-qualified defined benefit Restoration Plan under which participants in the Retirement Plan whose compensation
or benefits exceed the limits imposed by I.R.C. Sections 401(a) (17) and 415 will receive a supplemental retirement benefit that
restores the amount that would have been payable under the Retirement Plan except for the application of such limits.

Since the Company provides
a traditional final average pay benefit under the Retirement Plan to Ms. Bamford and Messrs. Farkas, McDonald, and Watts, the Company
did not offer any Company-source contributions to these NEO’s under the Company’s 401(k) savings Plan. Because Mr.
Rayment transferred to the United States after the FAP component of the Retirement Plan was closed to new entrants, he is eligible
for employer matching contributions of 50% on 8% contributed to the Curtiss-Wright Savings and Investment Plan (the “S&I
Plan”). The S&I Plan does not match contributions above 8%. In addition to the matching contribution in the S&I Plan,
the S&I Plan also provides a 3% non-elective contribution to all non-union, domestic employees hired on or after February 1,
2010 that do not participate in the Retirement Plan.

The Company maintains an unfunded,
non-qualified defined contribution Restoration Plan under which participants in the S&I Plan whose compensation or benefits
exceed the limits imposed by I.R.C. Sections 401(a) (17) and 415 will receive a supplemental retirement benefit that restores the
3% non-elective contribution amount that would have been payable under the S&I Plan except for the application of such limits.

Since the Restoration Plan
benefits are not funded, in the event of a change-in-control, the Company has agreed to fund a Rabbi Trust in place through an
agreement between the Company and

1
Mr. Rayment does not participate in the Retirement Plan and the Restoration Plan because he transferred
from the United Kingdom to the United States after those plans were closed to new entrants.

56

PNC Bank, N.A., dated January
30, 1998, which provides for the payment of the Company’s obligation under the Restoration Plan.

NEO’s can elect to defer
up to 75% of their own annual cash compensation per year on a tax-deferred basis subject to the IRS Elective Deferral limit within
the Company’s 401(k) savings Plan. For 2025, the combined pre-tax and Roth contribution limit was 12.0%, and the after-tax
contribution limit for a highly compensated employee was limited to 3.0%.

Executive
Perquisites

In addition to the standard
benefit plans offered to all employees, the NEOs are eligible for a limited number of executive perquisites. Perquisites include
financial planning and income tax preparation, a Company automobile or automobile allowance, and executive physicals for the executive
and his or her spouse. With the assistance of the Committee’s independent compensation consultant, the Committee has determined
that the overall level of perquisites the Company provides to its NEOs is reasonable and consistent with that of its peers.

Policies
concerning equity-based and other long-term incentive compensation

Equity
Ownership and Other Requirements for Senior Executives

To further align the linkage
between the interests of the NEOs and those of its stockholders, the Company requires the CEO and all other NEOs to own Company
stock denominated as a multiple of their annual salaries as follows (the “Guidelines”): five times annual salary for
the CEO, three times annual salary for NEOs that directly report to the CEO, and two times annual salary for all other NEOs.

All share-based long-term
incentive plan grants are subject to the Guidelines, and 50% of the net shares (after taxes and applicable transaction costs) of
a stock-based grant vested or earned must be retained in Company stock until the Guidelines are achieved. There is no fixed timeframe
to achieve the Guidelines. However, until the Guidelines are satisfied, the NEO is only permitted to sell 50% of the vesting award
to cover the NEO’s income tax obligations. Once the ownership thresholds are fully met and maintained, the holding limits
are removed on any and all earned and vested shares above the Guideline.

Clawback
Policies

The Company’s general
employee incentive compensation recoupment, or “clawback” policy provides that in the event the amount of any incentive
compensation award is based on materially inaccurate financial statements or any other materially inaccurate performance metric
criteria, or if a participant is one of the individuals subject to automatic forfeiture under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and has committed an offense subject to forfeiture under such statute, the participant must reimburse the Company that
portion of the incentive compensation award that was based on the inaccurate data or as provided for in such statute.

In September 2023, the Committee
adopted a separate executive incentive compensation clawback policy to comply with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as implemented by New York Stock Exchange listing standards and the SEC’s rules
and regulation, which applies to current and certain former Section 16 executive officers (the “Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy”).
The Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy requires the Company to recover certain cash or equity-based incentive compensation payments or
awards made or granted to such executive officers in the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due
to the Company’s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any
required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously
issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period
or left uncorrected in the current period (an “Accounting Restatement”). The Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy covers cash
or equity-based compensation that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Company financial
reporting measure (including stock price or total shareholder return). Recovery under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy applies to
incentive compensation subject to the policy that is

57

received (i) on or after December
1, 2023, (ii) by a person after such individual became an executive officer, and (iii) during the three completed fiscal years
immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare the Accounting Restatement. The incentive compensation
to be recovered is the amount in excess of what would have been paid based on the restated results. Recovery will be required on
a “no fault” basis, without regard to whether any misconduct occurred and without regard to whether an executive officer
was responsible for the erroneous financial statements. Furthermore, under the Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy, the Company is prohibited
from indemnifying any executive officer or former executive officer against the loss of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation.

Prohibition
of Insider Trading, Hedging, and Pledging

The Company is committed to
promoting high standards of ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. As part of this
commitment, the Company has adopted an insider trading policy for all its employees (including the NEOs and other officers) and
members of the Board of Directors, and all members of their immediate families and households that prohibits the purchase, sale,
and/or other disposition of Company equity securities or in the securities of other companies with which the Company does business
while being aware of material, non-public information as well as the disclosure of such information to others who may trade in
such equity securities. The insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules
and regulations, and the New York Stock Exchange listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company’s insider
trading policy, as revised, was filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K. While the Company is not
subject to the insider trading policy, the Company does not trade in its securities when it is in possession of material nonpublic
information other than pursuant to previously adopted Rule 10b5-1 trading plans.

The Company’s Code of
Conduct prohibits all employees (including the NEOs and other officers) from purchasing, selling or otherwise utilizing financial
instruments, including but not limited to, prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale
of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds, that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected
to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a change in the market price of the Company’s equity securities.

Additionally, the Company’s
2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan prohibits members of the Board of Directors and all employees (including the NEOs and other officers)
from engaging in the following transactions with respect to Company equity securities from awards under the plan:

-
purchasing, selling, or otherwise utilizing financial instruments, including but not limited to, prepaid variable forward
contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable
funds, that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a change in the
market price of Company equity securities; and

-
pledging Company equity securities (including holding Company equity securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging
Company equity securities as collateral for a loan).

Policies and Practices
Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards Close in Time to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information

Since 2011, the only equity
awards the Company has granted are time-based restricted stock units and equity-based performance share units. These awards are
typically made in March, during an open trading window after the Company’s February release of year-end earnings. It is the
Board’s and the Committee’s belief that maintaining a consistent grant practice is in the best interests of the Company
and minimizes the risk that equity awards are granted opportunistically for the benefit of executive officers. While the Company’s
2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan could be used to grant incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, and stock appreciation
rights (and substitute awards relating thereto), we do not currently grant stock options or similar awards pursuant to the 2024
Omnibus Incentive Plan. If stock options were to be granted, the 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan requires that stock options be granted
with an exercise price at least equal to the closing market price of the Company’s Common Stock on the grant date. The Company
does not backdate grants of equity

58

awards. The Committee also
does not take material nonpublic information into account when determining the timing and terms of equity award grants. In addition,
the Company does not time the disclosure of material nonpublic information for the purpose of affecting the value of executive
compensation.

Other Policies

Use
of Tax Gross-up

The Company does not have
any NEO Change-in-Control agreements with tax gross-ups and does not expect to enter into any new agreements containing such a
provision.

Tax
Deductibility

Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code generally disallows a federal income tax deduction to public companies for annual compensation over $1 million (per
individual) paid to certain executive officers. While the Company will continue to monitor its compensation programs in light of
Section 162(m), the Committee considers it important to retain the flexibility to reward the Company’s executive officers
in a manner that enhances the Company’s ability to attract and retain talented individuals as well as to create longer term
value for the Company and its stockholders. As a result, the Committee will continue to take into account the tax and accounting
implications (including with respect to the expected lack of deductibility under Section 162(m)) when making compensation decisions
but reserves its right to make compensation decisions based on other factors as well if the Committee determines it is in its best
interests to do so. Accordingly, the Company may pay compensation at levels that are not deductible under Section 162(m).

The following report
of the Executive Compensation Committee does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated
by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent
the Company specifically incorporates this report by reference therein.

Executive
Compensation Committee Report

The Executive Compensation
Committee has reviewed and discussed this CD&A (included in this Proxy Statement) with Management. Based upon the Executive
Compensation Committee’s review and discussions referred to above, the Executive Compensation Committee recommended that
the Board of Directors include this CD&A in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the year ended December 31, 2025, filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Dean M. Flatt, Chairperson

Anthony J. Moraco

William F. Moran

Robert J. Rivet

Risk Consideration
in the Overall Compensation Program for 2025

In 2025, the Executive Compensation
Committee, with the assistance of Management and the oversight of FW Cook, assessed the Company’s executive and broad-based
compensation and benefits programs to determine if the programs’ provisions and operations create undesired or unintentional
risk of a material nature. The Executive Compensation Committee concluded in this risk assessment that these programs have been
designed and administered in a manner that discourages undue risk-taking by employees, including a number of features of the programs
that are designed to mitigate risk, including:

-
Limits on annual and long-term performance awards, thereby defining and capping potential payouts

59

-
Proportionately greater award opportunity derived from the long-term incentive program compared
to annual incentive plan, creating a greater focus on sustained Company performance over time, and providing alignment with
shareholder interests

-
Use of three distinct long-term equity incentive vehicles—restricted stock units, long-term
cash-based performance units, and equity-based performance share units—that vest over several years, thereby providing
strong incentives for sustained operational and financial performance, as well as retention

-
Use of balanced measures, including top and bottom-line measures, income and balance sheet
statement measures, and short- and long-term measurement periods

-
Stock ownership guidelines for senior executives that ensure alignment with stockholder interests
over the long term

-
Incorporation of an individual performance score, ranging from one 1.0 to five 5.0, as a key
factor in the total annual incentive calculation, thereby enabling the Committee to direct a zero payout for the 20% individual-performance
component to any executive in any year if the individual executive is deemed to have sufficiently poor performance or is found
to have engaged in activities that pose a financial, operational or other undue risk to the Company

-
Robust clawback policies for incentive compensation, including the adoption of an incentive
compensation clawback policy for Section 16 officers pursuant to Dodd-Frank in the event of certain accounting restatements

-
Pre-determined commission schedules on sales representatives, thereby defining potential commission
payouts

For the foregoing reasons,
the Committee has concluded that the Company’s compensation policies and practices do not encourage excessive and unnecessary
risk-taking, and that the level of risk is appropriate for the best interests of stockholders.

Post-Employment
Agreements

Severance
Agreements

The Company has At-will severance
agreements with Ms. Bamford and Messrs. Farkas, Rayment, McDonald, and Watts. In the case of involuntary termination of employment
other than termination for cause (as defined in the agreements), failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the agreement,
voluntary resignation of employment by the employee, and voluntary retirement by the employee, these agreements provide in the
case of Ms. Bamford two years’ base salary and annual target bonus as the payment of severance pay, and, in the case of Messrs.
Farkas, Rayment, McDonald, and Watts, the equivalent of one year’s base salary and annual target bonus to be paid at the
time of termination, as well as the continued availability of certain employee health and welfare benefits for a minimum period
of one year following termination. The agreements provide that such pay and benefits also would be made available in the case of
voluntary retirement or termination of employment that is the direct result of a significant change in the terms or conditions
of employment, including a reduction in compensation or job responsibilities. At the employee’s option, the severance pay
may be received over the two-year period following termination, in which case the employee benefits would continue in effect for
the same period. The agreements further provide that the payment of severance pay and the availability of benefits are contingent
upon a number of conditions, including the employee’s performance of his or her obligations pursuant to the agreement, specifically
to provide consulting services, release the Company from any employment related claims, and not compete with the Company for a
period of 12 months.

Change-in-Control
Agreements

The Company has Change-in-Control
severance protection agreements with Ms. Bamford and Messrs. Farkas, Rayment, McDonald, and Watts. The agreement with Ms. Bamford
provides for payment of severance pay equal to three times while Messrs. Farkas, Rayment, McDonald, and Watts provides for two
and one-half times the sum of the executive’s base salary and the greater of (i) the annual target incentive grant in the
year the executive is terminated or (ii) the annual incentive paid

60

under the annual incentive
plan immediately prior to the executive’s termination. These amounts shall be paid in a single lump sum cash payment within
ten (10) days after the executive’s termination date. The agreements also call for the continued availability of certain
employee benefits for a period of two to three years following termination of employment.

All agreements have a double
trigger, i.e., severance may be paid in the event that (1) there is a change-in-control of the Company, as that term is defined
in the agreements, and (2) the covered executive’s employment is formally or constructively terminated by the Company in
the case of Ms. Bamford, within twenty-four months following the change-in-control, and in the case of the other NEOs, within twelve
months following the change-in-control. Accordingly, if the Company terminates the employment without “cause” of Ms.
Bamford and the other NEOs during the two-year period and one-year period, respectively, following a change-in-control, or if the
NEO terminates the NEO’s employment with the Company with “good reason,” then the NEO is entitled to certain
compensation and benefits provided for in the agreement. The agreements define “cause” as (a) a conviction of a felony,
(b) intentionally engaging in illegal or willful misconduct that demonstrably and materially injures the Company, or (c) intentional
and continual failure to substantially perform assigned duties which failure continues after written notice and a 30-day cure period.
The agreements also define “good reason” as (a) adverse change in status, title, position, or responsibilities, (b)
reduction in salary, (c) relocation of more than 25 miles, (d) the Company’s failure to pay the covered individual in accordance
with its compensation policies; or (e) a reduction in benefits. All NEO agreements must be renewed on an annual basis by the Executive
Compensation Committee. Consistent with best practices, all future executive officer change-in-control agreements elected as executive
officers after January 1, 2008, must be approved and renewed annually by the Executive Compensation Committee.

61

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The following table sets forth
information concerning the total compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and the other NEOs of the Company
who had the highest aggregate total compensation for the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.

For Ms. Bamford, Mr. Farkas,
and the other NEOs, the amounts shown under the column “Total” are not reflective of the compensation that was awarded to
Ms. Bamford, Mr. Farkas, and the other NEOs in fiscal year 2025. These amounts include the change in the actuarial present value of Ms.
Bamford’s, Mr. Farkas’s and the other NEOs retirement benefits shown under column “Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation Earnings”. The pension values for fiscal year 2025 reflect the impact of changes in interest rates on actuarial
present value calculations.

Summary Compensation Table

Stock Awards ($)

Non-Equity Incentive

Change
in
Pension
Value and
Nonqualified
Deferred
Compensation
Earnings (f)

All
Other
Compensation
(g)

Total
(h)

Performance

Restricted

Plan Compensation

Name
and
Principal Position

Year

Salary
(a)

Bonus

Share
Units (b)

Stock
Units (c)

Option
Awards

Annual
Plan (d)

Long-Term
Plan (e)

Lynn M. Bamford –
Chair and Chief
Executive Officer

2025

$
1,090,385

$
0

$
2,288,000

$
1,716,000

$
0

$
2,559,700

$
2,580,000

$
3,851,762

$
49,434

$
14,135,280

2024

$
1,042,308

$
0

$
1,995,000

$
1,496,250

$
0

$
2,387,700

$
2,092,500

$
2,526,668

$
45,483

$
11,585,909

2023

$
989,231

$
0

$
1,720,000

$
1,290,000

$
0

$
2,252,400

$
1,402,500

$
864,041

$
44,139

$
8,562,311

K. Christopher Farkas –
Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

2025

$
646,850

$
0

$
589,590

$
442,193

$
0

$
1,067,158

$
734,580

$
1,046,269

$
38,850

$
4,565,490

2024

$
607,708

$
0

$
514,248

$
385,686

$
0

$
937,891

$
660,000

$
565,983

$
38,150

$
3,709,665

2023

$
577,923

$
0

$
489,720

$
367,290

$
0

$
861,441

$
427,500

$
329,106

$
39,381

$
3,092,361

Kevin M. Rayment –
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

2025

$
658,289

$
0

$
595,800

$
446,850

$
0

$
1,048,608

$
842,400

$
0

$
79,696

$
3,671,642

2024

$
639,823

$
0

$
578,430

$
433,823

$
0

$
969,192

$
774,000

$
0

$
60,561

$
3,455,829

2023

$
620,308

$
0

$
561,600

$
421,200

$
0

$
907,046

$
660,000

$
0

$
52,968

$
3,223,122

George P. McDonald –
Vice President, General
Counsel, and Corporate
Secretary

2025

$
450,000

$
0

$
225,000

$
168,750

$
0

$
538,200

$
274,904

$
712,673

$
40,313

$
2,409,840

John C. Watts –
Vice President, Strategy
and Corporate
Development

2025

$
407,262

$
0

$
139,502

$
104,627

$
0

$
448,048

$
172,350

$
402,514

$
37,590

$
1,711,892

2024

$
392,731

$
0

$
118,350

$
88,763

$
0

$
371,816

$
166,500

$
146,757

$
45,151

$
1,330,068

2023

$
381,000

$
0

$
114,900

$
86,175

$
0

$
363,276

$
115,704

$
117,011

$
34,172

$
1,212,238

(a) Includes amounts deferred under the Company’s
Savings and Investment Plan and Executive Deferred Compensation Plan.

(b) Includes grants of performance share units as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. The
values shown represent the grant date fair value of the grants at target. Performance share units have a maximum payout of 200% of target.
The assumptions used in determining the amounts in this column are set forth in Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in our
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 12, 2026.

(c) Includes grants of time-based restricted stock units as part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive
Plan. The values shown represent the grant date fair value of the grants. The assumptions used in determining the amounts in this column
are set forth in Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed
with the SEC on February 12, 2026.

(d) Includes payments made based on the Company’s annual Incentive Compensation Plan for performance
during the year.

(e) Includes the maturity of cash-based performance unit grants made under the Company’s Long-Term Incentive
Plan.

(f) Represents annual change in the actuarial accumulated present value (APV) of accumulated pension benefits.
Mr. Rayment does not participate in the U.S. defined benefit plans because he transferred from the United Kingdom to the United States
after those plans were closed to new entrants.

62

(g) Includes personal use of company car, payments for executive physicals, financial counseling, premium
payments for executive life insurance paid by the Company during the covered fiscal year for term life insurance and accidental death
and disability insurance. Also includes 2025 company contributions from the qualified contribution plan for Mr. Rayment.

(h) Amounts are rounded to the nearest dollar.

The Company’s executive
officers are not employed through formal employment agreements. It is the philosophy of the Committee to promote a competitive at-will
employment environment, which would be impaired by lengthy employment arrangements. The Committee provides proper long-term compensation
incentives with competitive salaries and bonuses to ensure that senior management remains actively and productively employed with the
Company.

The Company believes perquisites
for executive officers should be limited in scope and value and aligned with peer group practices as described earlier. As a result, the
Company has historically given nominal perquisites. The below table generally illustrates the perquisites the Company provides to its
NEOs.

The Company also maintains a
policy concerning executive automobiles under which certain officers of the Company are eligible to use Company leased automobiles or
receive an equivalent automobile allowance. The NEOs participate in this program. The Company maintains the service and insurance on Company
leased automobiles. In addition to the Company automobile policy, the Company also provides all executive officers with financial planning
and tax preparation services through one of two executive financial planning companies. Finally, all executive officers and their spouses
are provided annual physicals through one of two available Executive Health Programs or through their own provider.

Perquisites and Benefits

Name

Automobile (a)
Financial Planning
Executive Physical

Lynn M. Bamford

$ 28,943
$ 15,345
$ 0

K. Christopher Farkas

$ 17,148
$ 15,345
$ 3,438

Kevin M. Rayment

$ 22,552
$ 26,060
$ 4,074

George P. McDonald

$ 14,253
$ 10,515
$ 11,000

John C. Watts

$ 23,946
$ 6,010
$ 4,980

(a) Represents the personal use of Company-leased automobiles.

The Company’s executive
officers are entitled to receive medical benefits, life and disability insurance benefits, and to participate in the Company’s Savings
and Investment Plan, Defined Benefit Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, flexible spending accounts, and disability plans on the same
basis as other full-time employees of the Company. Mr. Rayment does not participate in the U.S. defined benefit plans because he transferred
from the United Kingdom to the United States after those plans were closed to new entrants.

The Company also offers a nonqualified
executive deferred compensation plan, in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, whereby eligible executives, including the NEOs, may
elect to defer additional cash compensation on a tax-deferred basis. The deferred compensation accounts are maintained on the Company’s
financial statements and accrue interest at the rate of (i) the average annual rate of interest payable on United States Treasury Bonds
of 30 years maturity as determined by the Federal Reserve Board, plus (ii) 2%. Earnings are credited to executives’ accounts on
a monthly basis.

63

Grants of Plan-Based Awards

Estimated Future Payouts Under
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards

Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards

All Other
Stock
Awards:
Number
of Shares
of Stock

All Other
Option
Awards:
Number of
Securities
Underlying
Options
(#)

Exercise
or Base
Price of
Option
Awards
($/Sh)

Grant
Date Fair
Value of
Stock and
Option
Awards

Name

Plan
Name

Grant
Date

Number
of Units

Threshold
($)

Target
($)

Max
($)

Threshold
(#)

Target
(#)

Max
(#)

or Units
(#)

Lynn M. Bamford

ICP (a)

2/04/2025

$
715,000

$
1,430,000

$
2,860,000

LTI (b)

3/10/2025

1,716,000

$
858,000

$
1,716,000

$
3,432,000

LTI (c)

3/10/2025

3,753

7,506

15,012

$
2,288,000

LTI (d)

3/10/2025

5,630

$
1,716,000

K. Christopher Farkas

ICP (a)

2/04/2025

$
294,795

$
589,590

$
1,179,180

LTI (b)

3/10/2025

442,193

$
221,097

$
442,193

$
884,386

LTI (c)

3/10/2025

967

1,934

3,868

$
589,590

LTI (d)

3/10/2025

1,451

$
442,193

Kevin M. Rayment

ICP (a)

2/04/2025

$
297,900

$
595,800

$
1,191,600

LTI (b)

3/10/2025

446,850

$
223,425

$
446,850

$
893,700

LTI (c)

3/10/2025

978

1,955

3,910

$
595,800

LTI (d)

3/10/2025

1,466

$
446,850

Geroge P. McDonald

ICP (a)

2/04/2025

$
146,250

$
292,500

$
585,000

LTI (b)

3/10/2025

168,750

$
84,375

$
168,750

$
337,500

LTI (c)

3/10/2025

369

738

1,476

$
225,000

LTI (d)

3/10/2025

554

$
168,750

John C. Watts

ICP (a)

2/04/2025

$
123,090

$
246,180

$
492,360

LTI (b)

3/10/2025

104,627

$
52,314

$
104,627

$
209,254

LTI (c)

3/10/2025

229

458

916

$
139,502

LTI (d)

3/10/2025

343

$
104,627

(a) Values in this row represent the Company’s annual Incentive Compensation Plan, which were approved
on February 4, 2025 for performance during fiscal 2025. The incentive plan threshold, target and maximum are subject to change as salaries
change.

(b) Values in this row represent annual grants of cash-based performance units made under the Company’s
Long-Term Incentive Plan.

(c) Values in this row represent annual grants of equity-based performance share units as part of the Company’s
Long-Term Incentive Plan.

(d) Values in this row represent annual grants of restricted stock units as part of the Company’s Long-Term
Incentive Plan.

The NEOs are given dividend
credits on their restricted stock unit awards only. These dividends credits are reinvested into the restricted stock unit awards and are
subject to the same limitations and restrictions as the original restricted stock unit award. The plan specifically prohibits the re-pricing
of options and requires that any equity-based grants be issued based on the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by the NYSE
on the date of the grant.

The Committee granted cash-based
performance units, equity-based performance share units, and restricted stock units in March 2025 to the NEOs. The cash-based performance
units and equity-based performance share units will mature in December 2027 and will be paid in early 2028, if the financial goals are
attained, and the restricted stock units will vest in March 2028. The values shown in the table reflect the potential value at a target
value of one dollar per unit payable at the end of the three-year performance period and one stock unit convertible into one share of
Common Stock if the objectives are attained. The chart also reflects the fact that each stock unit may be worth a maximum of approximately
two dollars or two shares if all performance targets are substantially exceeded, or nothing at all if performance thresholds are not met.

64

The following table sets forth
the outstanding equity awards of the NEOs. Some of the grants disclosed below are not yet vested and are subject to forfeiture under certain
conditions.

Outstanding Equity Awards at
Fiscal Year-End

Stock Awards

Name
Number of Shares or Units
of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (a)
Market Value of Shares
or Units that Have Not Vested ($) (a)
Equity Incentive Plan
Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested (#)
Equity Incentive Plan
Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($)

Lynn M. Bamford
7,600
4,189,652
10,134
5,586,570 (b)

6,209
3,422,835
8,279
4,563,964 (c)

5,630
3,103,650
7,506
4,137,833 (d)

K. Christopher Farkas
5,660
3,120,188 (e)

2,164
1,192,948
2,885
1,590,414 (b)

1,601
882,583
2,134
1,176,410 (c)

1,451
799,893
1,934
1,066,156 (d)

Kevin M. Rayment
2,482
1,368,252
3,309
1,824,152 (b)

1,800
992,286
2,400
1,323,048 (c)

1,466
808,162
1,955
1,077,733 (d)

Geroge P. McDonald
347
191,291

252
138,920

554
305,404
738
406,837 (d)

John C. Watts
508
280,045
677
373,210 (b)

368
202,867
491
270,674 (c)

343
189,086
458
252,482 (d)

(a) Represents unvested restricted stock units granted as part of the Company’s Long-Term Incentive
Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $551.27, the closing price of Company Common Stock on December 31, 2025.

(b) Represents cash value at target of outstanding performance-based share units granted March 16, 2023 as
part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $551.27, the closing price of Company Common
Stock on December 31, 2025. Performance-based share units will be earned as Common Stock early in 2026 contingent upon the extent to which
previously established performance objectives are achieved over the three-year period ending at the close of business on December 31,
2025.

(c) Represents cash value at target of outstanding performance-based share units granted March 14, 2024 as
part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $551.27, the closing price of Company Common
Stock on December 31, 2025. Performance-based share units will be earned as Common Stock early in 2027 contingent upon the extent to which
previously established performance objectives are achieved over the three-year period ending at the close of business on December 31,
2026.

(d) Represents cash value at target of outstanding performance-based share units granted March 10, 2025 as
part of the Company’s Long Term Incentive Plan. Stock price used to determine value is $551.27, the closing price of Company Common
Stock on December 31, 2025. Performance-based share units will be earned as Common Stock early in 2028 contingent upon the extent to which
previously established performance objectives are achieved over the three-year period ending at the close of business on December 31,
2027.

(e) Represents retention grant of restricted stock units for the noted NEO. Stock price used to determine
value is $551.27, the closing price of Company Common Stock on December 31, 2025.

65

The following table sets forth
information regarding options exercised and stock vested during calendar year 2025.

Option Exercises and Stock Vested

Option
Awards
Stock
Awards (a)

Name
Number
of Shares Acquired Upon Exercise (#)
Value
Realized Upon Exercise ($)
Number
of Shares Acquired Upon Vesting (#)
Value
Realized Upon Exercise ($)

Lynn M. Bamford
0
$ 0
25,859
$ 8,761,701

K. Christopher Farkas
0
$ 0
8,155
$ 2,763,130

Kevin M. Rayment
0
$ 0
9,564
$ 3,240,548

George P. McDonald
0
$ 0
375
$ 120,998

John C. Watts
0
$ 0
2,057
$ 696,983

(a) Stock Awards includes the vesting of the March 17, 2022 Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Share Unit
grant (for performance period 2022-2024).

Deferred Compensation Plans

The following table shows the
deferred compensation activity for the NEOs during 2025. This table does not include the nonqualified Restoration Plan since these totals
are provided separately in the Pension Benefit Table below.

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation
Table

Name
Executive Contributions in Last Fiscal Year ($) (a)
Registrant Contributions in Last Fiscal Year ($)
Aggregate Earnings in Last Fiscal Year ($)
Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($)
Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year End ($)

Lynn M. Bamford
$ 1,114,117
$ 0
$ 245,571
$ 0
$ 4,130,270

K. Christopher Farkas
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0

Kevin M. Rayment
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0

Geroge P. McDonald
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0

John C. Watts
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0
$ 0

(a) Amounts reported in this column represent salary and incentive payments deferred in 2025, and such amounts
are also included in the corresponding columns of the Summary Compensation Table.

Total Pension Benefit Payable
to Executive Officers

The estimated total pension
benefit payable under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the nonqualified Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan described above in “Pension
Plans” to the NEOs at retirement age 65 is also described in the following table as a total lump sum payable from each of these
plans, based on benefits earned through December 31, 2025. Participants must choose to receive benefits under the Retirement Plan and
the Restoration Plan either through annuity payments or as a lump sum.

66

Qualified Pension Benefit

Name
Plan
Name (a)
Number
of Years Credited Service
Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (b) ($)
Payments
During Last Fiscal Year ($)

Lynn M. Bamford
Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Retirement Plan
19
$ 1,225,123
$0

K. Christopher Farkas
Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Retirement Plan
17
$ 718,205
$0

Kevin M. Rayment (c)
Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Retirement Plan
N/A
N/A
N/A

George P. McDonald
Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Retirement Plan
27
$ 1,846,969
$0

John C. Watts
Curtiss-Wright Corporation
Retirement Plan
19
$ 876,949
$0

(a) The Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan is a defined benefit pension plan providing qualified retirement
benefits to eligible employees of the Curtiss-Wright Corporation. Benefits are based on a formula which takes into account years of service
and the average of the highest five years of a participant’s pay within the last 10 years of employment. Normal retirement is the
later of age 65 or three years of service. Unreduced early retirement benefits may be payable if age is greater than 55 and the sum of
age and service exceeds 80.

(b) The present value of the accumulated benefit was determined as of December 31, 2025, the measurement date
used for pension disclosure in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to Accounting Standard Codification 715.

(c) Mr. Rayment does not participate in the Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement Plan because he transferred
from the United Kingdom to the United States after plan was closed to new entrants.

Non-Qualified Pension Benefit

Name
Plan
Name (a)
Number
of Years Credited Service
Present
Value of Accumulated Benefit (b) ($)
Payments
During Last Fiscal Year ($)

Lynn M. Bamford
Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement
Benefits Restoration Plan
19
$ 10,460,536
$0

K. Christopher Farkas
Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement
Benefits Restoration Plan
17
$ 2,739,986
$0

Kevin M. Rayment (c)
Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement
Benefits Restoration Plan
N/A
N/A
N/A

Geroge P. McDonald
Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement
Benefits Restoration Plan
27
$ 2,345,438
$0

John C. Watts
Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement
Benefits Restoration Plan
19
$ 1,126,193
$0

(a) The Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan is a non-qualified retirement plan established to provide
benefits that would have been payable under the C-W Retirement Plan but for the limitations imposed by the provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code and Employee Retirement Income Security Act. All participants of the C-W Retirement Plan are eligible to participate in the
Restoration Plan. Restoration benefits are payable in accordance with the participants’ elections for the distribution and timing
of the benefit.

(b) The present value of the accumulated benefit was determined as of December 31, 2025, the measurement date
used for pension disclosure in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to Accounting Standard Codification 715.

(c) Mr. Rayment does not participate in the Curtiss-Wright Corporation Restoration Plan because he transferred
from the United Kingdom to the United States after plan was closed to new entrants.

67

The Plan benefit formula is
described earlier. Elements of compensation that are included in the calculation of a benefit are base salary earned and short and long-term
cash incentives earned. The Company has not adopted a policy prohibiting special benefits under the plans. However, historically the Company
has not provided any additional years of credited service to any participants in the Plan.

The following table shows the
potential incremental value transfer to the NEOs under various employment related scenarios. The table does not include payments made
to a NEO with respect to contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements to the extent they do not discriminate in scope, terms or operation,
in favor of the Company’s executive officers and that are available generally to all salaried employees, such as the Company’s
401(k) plan.

Potential Post-Employment Payment

Termination
Scenario
Lynn M. Bamford
K. Christopher Farkas
Kevin M. Rayment
George P. McDonald
John C. Watts

If Retirement or Voluntary Termination Occurred on December 31, 2025 (a)(b)
$ 29,506,755
$ 3,965,561
$ 3,802,565
$ 636,639
$ 1,027,198

If Termination for Cause Occurred on December 31, 2025 (c)
$ 0
$ 533,160
$ 0
$ 0
$ 227,552

If Termination Without Cause Occurred on December 31, 2025 (d)
$ 35,153,556
$ 5,456,425
$ 5,060,365
$ 1,379,139
$ 1,798,802

If “Change-In-Control” Termination Occurred on December 31, 2025 (e)
$ 42,548,922
$ 12,410,153
$ 9,124,661
$ 3,593,024
$ 3,688,005

If Death Occurred on December 31, 2025 (f)(g)
$ 30,306,755
$ 8,216,286
$ 5,648,141
$ 1,721,860
$ 1,966,871

(a) Ms. Bamford is eligible for full retirement. Mr. Farkas, Mr. Rayment, Mr. McDonald and Mr. Watts are eligible
for early retirement.

(b) Includes (1) intrinsic value of any unvested/unearned cash-based performance units, restricted stock units,
and performance shares on December 31, 2025 that would vest after the date of termination or retirement, and (2) incremental value on
measurement date (December 31, 2025) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan,
assuming the executive elects immediate payout.

(c) Includes incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2025) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright
Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, assuming the executive elects immediate payout.

(d) Includes (1) intrinsic value of any unvested/unearned cash-based performance units, restricted stock units,
and performance shares on December 31, 2025 that would vest after the date of termination for retirement-eligible executives, (2) severance
payout (salary plus target bonus), and (3) incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2025) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright
Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, assuming the executive elects immediate payout.

(e) Includes (1) change-in-control severance payout, (2) present value of any accelerated vesting of cash-based
performance units, performance shares, and restricted stock units on December 31, 2025, (3) prorated portion of the unvested restricted
stock units will accelerate for the retention grant of Mr. Farkas, and (4) incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2025) of
vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan including additional three years of benefit
accrual per change-in-control agreements for Ms. Bamford, and an additional two and one-half years for Messrs. Farkas, Rayment, McDonald,
and Watts, assuming the executive elects immediate payout.

(f) Includes (1) present value of any accelerated vesting of cash-based performance units, performance shares,
and restricted stock units on December 31, 2025, (2) prorated portion of the unvested restricted stock units will accelerate for the retention
grant of Mr. Farkas, (3) incremental value on measurement date (December 31, 2025) of vested benefit under the Curtiss-Wright Retirement
Plan and the Curtiss-Wright Restoration Plan, assuming the executive elects immediate payout, and (4) value of Company-paid basic life
insurance policy.

68

(g) Depending on circumstances of death, all employees may also be eligible for Accidental Death and Dismemberment
(AD&D) insurance payment and Business Travel Accident insurance payment.

PAY RATIO DISCLOSURE RULE

In accordance with rules adopted
by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company is providing the following information concerning the ratio of the Company’s
median employee’s annual total compensation to the total annual compensation of the Company’s principal executive officer
(“PEO”). For fiscal year 2025, the Company’s PEO is Lynn M. Bamford. The Committee does not use this ratio as it considers
appropriate compensation for the PEO. Management does not use this ratio when determining compensation for the rest of the workforce.

The Company identified
the median employee by utilizing base salary as of December 1, 2025 and adding any target bonus to that amount, for all individuals,
excluding the PEO, who were employed by the Company on December 31, 2025, the last day of the Company’s payroll year (whether
employed on a full-time, part-time, or seasonal basis). In addition, the Company also excluded all independent contractors. The
Company further converted all other currencies to U.S. dollars as of December 1, 2025, irrespective of currency fluctuations over
the course of the year. Finally, the Company elected to use the de minimis exemption for non-U.S. employees to exclude
5.0% of the Company’s non-U.S. employees. The list of jurisdictions for which these employees are excluded, the approximate
number of employees excluded from each jurisdiction, the total number of U.S. and non-U.S. employees irrespective of any exemption,
and the total number of U.S. and non-U.S. employees used for the de minimis calculation are set forth in the table below.

Jurisdictions
Approximate
Number of non-U.S. Employees Excluded
Total
Number of U.S. and non-U.S. Employees irrespective of any exemption
Total
Number of U.S. and non-U.S. Employees used
for de minimis calculation

India
149
9,656
9,184

Costa Rica
104

Portugal
33

Sweden
48

Singapore
51

Spain
23

Poland
14

Netherlands
16

Belgium
5

Brazil
7

Taiwan
5

Korea
5

Hungary
10

Hong Kong
1

After identifying the median
employee, the Company calculated annual total compensation for such employee using the same methodology the Company uses for the named
executive officers as set forth in the 2025 Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy Statement. The total compensation amount for the
median employee for 2025 was determined to be $74,103. This total compensation amount was then compared to the total compensation of the
PEO disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table of $14,135,280. Based on this information for 2025, the ratio of the PEO’s annual
total compensation to the annual total compensation of the median employee was 191:1.

The Company believes that the
ratio calculated above is not reflective of compensation awarded to our PEO in 2025. The total compensation of our PEO disclosed in the
Summary Compensation Table includes the change in the actuarial present value of our PEO’s retirement benefits shown under column
“Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings” of the Summary Compensation Table. The pension
values for fiscal year 2025 reflect the impact of changes in interest rates on actuarial present value calculations. Excluding this change
in actuarial present value of the PEO’s pension benefit, the ratio would be 139:1.

69

PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE

The following table shows the
total compensation for our NEOs for the past five fiscal years, the “compensation actually paid” to our PEO and, on an average
basis, our other NEOs (in each case, as determined under SEC rules), our TSR, the TSR of the Aerospace & Defense Select Industry
Index over the same period, our Net Income, and our financial performance measure for compensatory purposes, Adjusted Earnings per Share.

Value of Initial $100 Investment Based On:         Company- Selected Measure
Fiscal Year (a)   Summary Compensation Table (SCT) Total for PEO (b)   Compensation Actually Paid to PEO (CAP) (c)   Average Summary Compensation Table (SCT) Total for Non- PEO Named Executive Officers (d)   Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO Named Executive Officers (CAP) (e)   Company Total Shareholder Return ($) (f)   Peer Group Total Shareholder Return ($) (g)   Net Income (in thousands, $) (h)   Earnings Per Share ($) (i)
2025   $ 14,135,280     $ 26,742,452     $ 3,089,717     $ 5,563,184     $ 483.25     $ 220.22     $ 484,228     $ 13.23
2024   $ 11,585,909     $ 22,312,596     $ 2,926,279     $ 5,887,828     $ 310.45     $ 150.03     $ 404,978     $ 10.90
2023   $ 8,562,311     $ 13,007,261     $ 2,534,244     $ 3,872,036     $ 194.36     $ 121.41     $ 354,509     $ 9.38
2022   $ 4,462,698     $ 7,890,517     $ 4,654,705     $ 6,383,850     $ 145.07     $ 97.85     $ 294,348     $ 8.13
2021   $ 4,491,811     $ 4,925,333     $ 2,753,543     $ 3,265,294     $ 119.86     $ 102.72     $ 267,159     $ 7.23

(a) The Pay Versus Performance table reflects required disclosures for fiscal years 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022,
and 2021.

(b) For fiscal years 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021, Lynn M. Bamford was the Principle Executive Officer
(PEO) for the Company

(c) The Compensation Actually Paid (CAP) was calculated beginning with the PEO’s Summary Compensation
Table (SCT) total then deducting the aggregate change in actuarial present value of her/his accumulated benefit under all defined benefit
and actuarial pension plans reported in the SCT; deducting the amounts reported in the SCT for performance share and restricted stock
unit awards; adding the pension service cost; adding the fair value as of the end of the covered fiscal year of all awards granted during
the fiscal year that are outstanding and unvested as of the fiscal year-end; adding the amount equal to the change in fair value as of
the end of the covered fiscal year, whether positive or negative, of any awards granted in any prior fiscal year that are outstanding
and unvested as of the end of the covered fiscal year; and adding the amount equal to the change in fair value as of the vesting date,
whether positive or negative, of any award granted in any prior fiscal year for which all applicable vesting conditions were satisfied
at the end of or during the covered fiscal year. Relative to the PEO’s CAP, the following amounts were deducted from and added to
SCT total compensation:

PEO SCT Total to CAP Reconciliation:

Fiscal Year   Summary Compensation Table Total   Deductions from SCT Total for Equity Awards (i)   Deductions from SCT Total for Pension Benefits (ii)   Additions to SCT Total for Equity Awards (iii)   Additions to SCT Total for Pension Service Costs (iv)   CAP
2025     $ 14,135,280         -$ 4,004,000         -$ 3,851,762       $ 19,792,495         $ 670,439        $ 26,742,452
2024   $ 11,585,909     -$ 3,491,250     -$ 2,526,668     $ 16,347,723     $ 396,882     $ 22,312,596
2023   $ 8,562,311     -$ 3,010,000     -$ 864,041     $ 7,958,761     $ 360,230     $ 13,007,261
2022   $ 4,462,698     -$ 2,441,259     -$ 110,837     $ 5,568,041     $ 411,874     $ 7,890,517
2021   $ 4,491,811     -$ 1,636,250     -$ 639,485     $ 2,416,502     $ 292,755     $ 4,925,333

(i) Represents the grant date fair value of equity-based awards granted each year.

(ii) Represents the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of accumulated benefit under pension.

70

(iii) The additions to the SCT Total reflect the value of equity calculated in accordance with the SEC methodology
for determining CAP for each year shown.

(iv) The additions to the SCT Total reflect the pension service cost calculated in accordance with the SEC
methodology for determining CAP for each year shown.

Supplemental

PEO Equity Component of CAP:

Year   Year End Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in the Year (i)   Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Outstanding Unvested Equity Awards Granted in Prior Years (i)   Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Prior Years that Vested in the Year (i)   Total Equity Award Adjustments (ii)
2025          $ 9,602,554                    $ 10,604,823                    -$ 414,883                $ 19,792,495
2024   $ 7,567,507     $ 8,570,790     $ 209,427     $ 16,347,723
2023   $ 4,492,413     $ 3,454,852     $ 11,496     $ 7,958,761
2022   $ 3,680,802     $ 1,876,150     $ 11,088     $ 5,568,041
2021   $ 2,283,203     $ 134,440     -$ 1,141     $ 2,416,502

(i) The amounts include both Performance Share Units and Restricted Stock Unit awards.

(ii) Total Equity Award Adjustments includes dividend equivalents units earned in each fiscal year. No equity
awards failed to meet vesting conditions for the fiscal years.

(d) Each of the five fiscal years presented include the average SCT totals of the Non-PEO Named Executive
Officers (NEOs) as applicable in each reporting year. For fiscal year 2025, non-PEO Named Executive Officers
were: K. Christopher Farkas, Kevin M. Rayment, George McDonald, and John C. Watts. For fiscal year 2024 and 2023, non-PEO Named Executive
Officers were: K. Christopher Farkas, Kevin M. Rayment, Paul J. Ferdenzi, and John C. Watts. For fiscal year 2022, non-PEO Named Executive
Officers were: David C. Adams, K. Christopher Farkas, Kevin M. Rayment, Paul J. Ferdenzi, and John C. Watts. For fiscal year 2021, non-PEO
Named Executive Officers were: David C. Adams, K. Christopher Farkas, Kevin M. Rayment, and Paul J. Ferdenzi.

(e) The Average Compensation Actually Paid was calculated by averaging the following when applicable, by year,
for the non-PEO NEOs; SCT total then deducting the aggregate change in actuarial present value of their accumulated benefit under all
defined benefit and actuarial pension plans reported in the SCT; deducting the amounts reported in the SCT for performance share and restricted
stock unit awards; adding the pension service cost; adding the fair value as of the end of the covered fiscal year of all awards granted
during the fiscal year that are outstanding and unvested as of the fiscal year-end; adding the amount equal to the change in fair value
as of the end of the covered fiscal, whether positive or negative, of any awards granted in any prior fiscal year that are outstanding
and unvested as of the end of the covered fiscal year; and adding the amount equal to the change in fair value as of the vesting date,
whether positive or negative, of any award granted in any prior fiscal year for which all applicable vesting conditions were satisfied
at the end of or during the covered fiscal year. Relative to CAP, the following amounts were deducted from and added to SCT total compensation:

71

Average Non-PEO SCT Total to
CAP Reconciliation:

Fiscal Year   Summary Compensation Table Total (i)   Deductions from SCT Total for Equity Awards (ii)   Deductions from SCT Total for Pension Benefits (iii)   Additions to SCT Total for Equity Awards (iv)   Additions to SCT Total for Pension Service Costs (v)   CAP
2025      $ 3,089,717           -$ 678,078           -$ 540,364        $ 3,572,027       $ 119,882       $ 5,563,184
2024   $ 2,926,279     -$ 688,349     -$ 382,521     $ 3,927,269     $ 105,150     $ 5,887,828
2023   $ 2,534,244     -$ 664,125     -$ 180,323     $ 2,083,304     $ 98,936     $ 3,872,036
2022   $ 4,654,705     -$ 485,155     -$ 131,443     $ 2,106,528     $ 239,215     $ 6,383,850
2021   $ 2,753,543     -$ 1,086,255     -$ 57,090     $ 1,381,658     $ 273,438     $ 3,265,294

(i) The amount in 2022 is inflated due to the lump sum distribution from the Curtiss-Wright Corporation Retirement
Benefits Restoration Plan for the prior PEO Mr. Adams.

(ii) Represents the grant date fair value of equity-based awards granted each year.

(iii) Represents the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of accumulated benefit under pension.

(iv) The additions to the SCT Total reflect the value of equity calculated in accordance with the SEC methodology
for determining CAP for each year shown.

(v) The additions to the SCT Total reflect the pension service cost calculated in accordance with the SEC
methodology for determining CAP for each year shown.

Supplemental

Average Non-PEO Equity Component
of CAP:

Year   Year End Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in the Year (i)   Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Outstanding Unvested Equity Awards Granted in Prior Years (i)   Year over Year Change in Fair Value of Equity Awards Granted in Prior Years that Vested in the Year (i)   Total Equity Award Adjustments (ii)
2025         $ 1,625,982                    $ 2,028,376                    -$ 82,332                $ 3,572,027
2024   $ 1,491,890     $ 2,374,817     $ 60,562     $ 3,927,269
2023   $ 991,219     $ 1,084,299     $ 7,786     $ 2,083,304
2022   $ 731,409     $ 1,360,288     $ 14,832     $ 2,106,529
2021   $ 1,431,205     -$ 47,701     -$ 1,846     $ 1,381,658

(i) The amounts include both Performance Share Units and Restricted Stock Unit awards.

(ii) Total Equity Award Adjustments includes dividend equivalents units earned in each fiscal year. No equity
awards failed to meet vesting conditions for the fiscal years.

(f) The amount represents the value of an initial fixed $100 Investment in Curtiss-Wright stock on December
31, 2020 assuming reinvestment of all dividends.

(g) Peer group companies are the Aerospace & Defense Select Industry Index. The amount represents
an initial fixed $100 Investment in the Company’s Peer Group on December 31, 2020 assuming reinvestment of all dividends.

(h) Reflects net income in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings included in the Company’s
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021.

(i) Adjusted Earnings per Share, a non-GAAP measure, is calculated as net earnings from continuing operations
as adjusted for the items (which is agreed by the Executive Compensation Committee) described in the Company’s fourth quarter 2025,
2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021 earning releases, respectively, furnished to the SEC on February 12, 2026, February 12, 2025, February 15,
2024, February 22, 2023, and February 24, 2022, respectively, divided by the number of weighted average diluted shares outstanding.

72

For the fiscal year ending December
31, 2025, the most important financial performance measures used to link compensation actually paid to our NEOs to Company performance
are set forth in the table below:

Most Important Financial Performance Measures

Adjusted Earnings per Share

Total Shareholder Return

Total Sales Growth

Adjusted Operating Margin

The following graph compares
the compensation actually paid to our PEO(s), the average of the compensation actually paid to our non-PEOs and the Company’s TSR
performance with the TSR performance of the Aerospace & Defense Select Industry Index. The TSR amount represents the value of
an initial fixed $100 Investment in Curtiss-Wright stock on December 31, 2020 assuming reinvestment of all dividends.

73

The
following graph compares the compensation actually paid to our PEO(s) and the average of the compensation actually paid to our non-PEOs
with the Company’s Net Income.

The
following graph compares the compensation actually paid to our PEO(s) and the average of the compensation actually paid to our non-PEOs
with the Company’s Adjusted Earnings Per Share.

74

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

The following table sets
forth certain information regarding the compensation earned by or granted to each non-employee director who served on the Company’s
Board of Directors in 2025. Ms. Bamford, the only current director who is an employee of the Company, is not compensated for her
services as a Board member.

Director Compensation

Name
Fees Earned
or Paid in Cash ($) (a)
Stock
Awards ($) (b)
Option
Awards ($)
Non-Equity
Incentive Plan
Compensation ($)
Change in
Pension Value
and Nonqualified Compensation
Earnings ($)
All Other
Compensation ($)
Total

Dean M. Flatt
$ 130,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 275,000

Bruce D. Hoechner
$ 125,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 270,000

Glenda J. Minor
$ 110,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 255,000

Anthony J. Moraco
$ 110,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 255,000

William F. Moran
$ 110,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 255,000

Robert J. Rivet
$ 165,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 310,000

Peter C. Wallace
$ 125,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 270,000

Larry D. Wyche
$ 110,000
$ 145,000
—
—
—
—
$ 255,000

(a)
Represents all fees earned or paid for services as a director, including annual retainer, lead director fee, committee membership fee, and committee chairman retainers, and includes amounts deferred. Directors have a choice to receive all or a portion of their director fees paid in cash, stock, or a combination of the two. Directors also have a choice to defer all or a portion of director fees paid in cash or stock.

(b)
The values shown represent the aggregate grant date fair value for 2025 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. In February 2025, each then non-employee Director was awarded 414 shares of restricted Common Stock as annual stock grant, each having a full fair value of $145,000 based on the market value of the Common Stock on the grant date pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. The aggregate number of stock awards outstanding as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: Mr. Moraco – 684; Mr. Moran – 214; Mr. Rivet – 787; and Mr. Wyche – 421.

In 2025, each non-employee
Director of the Company was paid an annual retainer of $85,000 plus $12,500 for each committee for which such director is a member.
The chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Committee on Directors and Governance, Executive Compensation Committee, and Finance Committee
of the Board of Directors were paid an additional annual retainer of $25,000, $15,000, $20,000, and $15,000, respectively. The
Lead Independent Director was paid an additional annual retainer of $30,000. Pursuant to the Company’s 2024 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, the Company’s non-employee Directors may elect to receive their annual retainer, Chairperson fee, committee membership
fees, and Lead Independent Director fee in the form of our Common Stock, cash, or both and may elect to defer the receipt of such
stock or cash.

Director compensation
is reviewed every other year, the last of which occurred in November 2025 for compensation to be paid in 2026. Based on peer and
market data and advice from FW Cook, in November 2025 the Board approved the following changes to Director compensation for 2026:
(i) the annual Board retainer was increased to $95,000, (ii) the annual equity award was increased to $160,000, and (iii) the Lead
Independent Director annual retainer was increased to $32,500. The next Director compensation review will occur in November 2027
for compensation to be paid in 2028.

In addition to the annual
retainer and meeting fees described above, under the Company’s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company, acting through the
Committee on Directors and Governance, has the discretionary authority to make equity grants to non-employee Directors. With respect
to fiscal 2026, each non-employee Director was granted 256 shares of restricted Common Stock effective February 2026 based on a
market value of $160,000 on the grant date with such shares subject to forfeiture based upon failing to remain on the Board for
a one-year period. In addition to the foregoing, the Company’s policy is to award each newly appointed Director upon appointment
a grant of restricted

75

Common Stock valued at $35,000 based on
the market value of the Common Stock on the grant date with such shares subject to forfeiture based upon failing to remain on the
Board for a five-year period. Each Director must also accumulate a total position in the Common Stock with a value of five times
the annual retainer.

Delinquent Section
16(a) Reports

Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act and the rules thereunder of the SEC require the Company’s Directors, Officers, and beneficial owners
of more than 10% of the Common Stock to file reports of their ownership and changes in ownership of Common Stock with the Commission.
Personnel of the Company generally prepare these reports on behalf of the Directors and Officers on the basis of information obtained
from each Director and Officer. Based solely on a review of these reports filed with the SEC and on the written representations
from the Directors and Officers, the Company believes that all reports required by Section 16(a) of the Securities and Exchange
Act to be filed during the year ended December 31, 2025 were filed on time except as described below. A late filing for Glenda
J. Minor who inadvertently omitted 2.7 shares of Common Stock purchased in several small exempt acquisition transactions during
2024, in each case pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan administered by the Company’s transfer agent. Such transactions
were subsequently reported along with other timely filed transactions in a Form 4 filed with the SEC on June 13, 2025. A late filing
for Robert J. Rivet who inadvertently omitted 29.01 shares of Common Stock purchased in several small exempt acquisition transactions
during 2024 and 2023, in each case pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan administered by Mr. Rivet’s broker and the Company’s
transfer agent. Such transactions were subsequently reported along with other timely filed transactions in a Form 5 filed with
the SEC on January 29, 2026.

Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions

The Company’s legal
department is primarily responsible for identifying relationships and transactions in which the Company and a director, any nominee
for director, executive officer or more than 5% stockholder of the Company, including any of their immediate family members, and
any entity owned or controlled by them, are participants to determine whether any of these related persons had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. In order to identify potential related person transactions, the Company’s legal department
annually prepares and distributes to all directors, nominees for directors, and executive officers a written questionnaire, which
includes questions intended to elicit information about any related person transactions. Further enhancing the Company’s
commitment to identify any transactions with related persons, the Company’s finance department adopted a related party transactions
policy, which requires each of the business units to identify and disclose to the Company’s corporate controller and general
counsel all related person transactions on a quarterly basis or on such shorter intervals as the situation arises.

The Company’s
corporate governance guidelines, applicable to Directors, and the Company’s code of conduct, applicable to all employees
of the Company, including executive officers (copies of which may be viewed within the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s
website at https: //curtisswright.com/investor-relations/governance/governance-documents and are available in print, without
charge, upon written request to the Company’s Corporate Secretary), prohibits such individuals from engaging in specified
activities without prior approval. These activities typically relate to conflict-of-interest situations where a director, executive
officer, an employee, or member of their immediate family may have significant financial or business interests in another company
competing with or doing business with the Company, or who stands to benefit in some way from such a relationship or activity.
If a director or executive officer believes that, as a result of a transaction with the Company, he or she has an actual or potential
conflict of interest with the Company, he or she must promptly notify the Company’s General Counsel. In case of a transaction
involving a director, he or she must also notify the Chairperson of the Committee on Directors and Governance (or in case of a
transaction involving the Chairperson of the Committee on Directors and Governance, notify the other members of the Committee
on Directors and Governance).

76

The Board of Directors
has responsibility for reviewing and approving or ratifying related person transactions to the extent a director, nominee for director,
executive officer or more than 5% stockholder of the Company, including any of their immediate family members, and any entity owned
or controlled by them, are participants. To the extent that a proposed related-person transaction may involve a director, such
individual may not participate in any decision by the Board that in any way relates to the matter that gives rise to the conflict
of interest. The Company’s corporate controller and general counsel has responsibility for reviewing and approving or ratifying
all other transactions in which the Company and any other employee (other than an executive officer) or his or her immediate family
members has a direct or indirect material interest.

Neither the corporate
governance guidelines nor code of conduct specify the standards to be applied by the Board of Directors or the Company’s
corporate controller and general counsel, as applicable, in reviewing transactions with related persons. However, the Company expects
that in general the Board of Directors or the Company’s corporate controller and general counsel, as applicable, will consider
all of the relevant facts and circumstances, including, if applicable, but not limited to: (i) the benefits to the Company; (ii)
the impact on a Director’s independence in the event the related person is a Director, an immediate family member of a Director,
or an entity in which a Director is a partner, shareholder, or executive officer; (iii) the availability of other sources for comparable
products or services; (iv) the terms of the transaction; and (v) the terms available for similar transactions with unrelated third
parties.

During fiscal year 2025,
there were no proceedings to which any of our Directors, executive officers, affiliates, holders of more than five (5%) percent
of our Common Stock, or any associate (as defined in the Proxy Rules) of the foregoing were adverse to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries. During fiscal year 2025, none of our Directors, nominees for directors, executive officers, holders of more than
five (5%) percent of our Common Stock, or any members of their immediate family had a direct or indirect material interest in any
transactions or series of transactions with the Company in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000.

Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets
forth information as of February 20, 2026 for the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by (a) each stockholder who, to the
Company’s knowledge, is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of any class of Common Stock, (b)
each current Director of the Company, (c) each nominee for election as a Director of the Company, (d) each of the executive officers
of the Company named in the Summary Compensation Table above (the “Named Executive Officers”), and (e) all current
Directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. The percentages in the third column are based on 36,912,284 shares
of issued and outstanding on February 20, 2026. In each case, except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, the
shares shown in the second column are owned directly or indirectly by the individuals or members of the group named in the first
column, with sole voting and dispositive power. For purposes of this table, beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the federal securities laws and regulations. Inclusion in the table of shares not owned directly by the Director or Named Executive
Officer does not

77

constitute an admission that such shares
are beneficially owned by the Director or Named Executive Officer for any other purpose.

Name of Beneficial Owner
Number of Shares
Beneficially Owned

Percentage
of Class

BlackRock, Inc.
4,148,326
(a )
11.2%

The Vanguard Group Inc.
3,485,658
(b )
9.4%

Lynn M. Bamford
65,738
(c )(d)
*

K. Christopher Farkas
15,157
(c )(d)(i)
*

Dean M. Flatt
12,647
(c )(f)
*

Bruce D. Hoechner
4,523
(c )(f)
*

George P. McDonald
5,169
(c )(d)
*

Glenda J. Minor
2,250
(c )(f)(h)
*

Anthony J. Moraco
5,446
(c )(e)
*

William F. Moran
214
(c )(e)(f)
*

Kevin M. Rayment
35,676
(c )(d)
*

Robert J. Rivet
13,605
(c )(f)(h)
*

Peter C. Wallace
5,988
(c )(f)(j)
*

John C. Watts
5,114
(c )(d)
*

Larry D. Wyche
1,514
(c )(e)(f)
*

Directors and Executive Officers as a group (15 persons)
189,994
(g )
*

*
Less than 1%.

(a)
Address is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, New York, 10001. The information as to the beneficial
ownership of Common Stock by BlackRock, Inc. was based on Form 13F-HR filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
February 12, 2026. Such report disclosed that as of December 31, 2025, BlackRock, Inc. had investment discretion with respect
to 4,148,326 shares, of which it had sole voting authority with respect to 3,916,862 share, shared voting authority with respect
to -0- shares, and no voting authority with respect to 231,464 shares.

(b)
Address is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. The information as to the
beneficial ownership of Common Stock by The Vanguard Group Inc. was based on Form 13F-HR filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on January 29, 2026. Such report disclosed that as of December 31, 2025, The Vanguard Group Inc. had investment
discretion with respect to 3,485,658 shares, of which it had sole voting authority with respect to 482 shares, shared voting
authority with respect to 234,029 shares, and no voting authority with respect to 3,251,147 shares.

(c)
Address is c/o Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300, Davidson, North
Carolina 28036.

(d)
Includes shares of time-based restricted Common Stock owned by the Named Executive Officers
as follows (and subject to forfeiture under the Company’s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan) that vest on the third anniversary
of the date of grant: Lynn M. Bamford, 19,546; K. Christopher Farkas, 10,904 2 ; Kevin M. Rayment, 5,780; George
P. McDonald, 1,158; and John C. Watts, 1,224.

(e)
Includes shares of restricted Common Stock owned by the non-employee Directors as follows
(and subject to forfeiture under the Company’s 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan): Anthony J. Moraco, 526; William F. Moran,
214; Robert J. Rivet, 787; and Larry D. Wyche, 342.

(f)
Does not include shares of Common Stock granted to the non-employee Directors (under the Company’s
2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan and 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as applicable) that he or she has elected to defer receipt of
until a later period as the Director neither has nor shares voting or investment power with respect to these shares and is
not deemed the beneficial owner,

2
5,660 of these shares of time-based restricted stock vest on December 15, 2026 pursuant to
a Restricted Stock Unit Agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Farkas on December 16, 2021.

78

as follows: Dean M. Flatt, 4,473; Bruce D. Hoechner, 2,324; Glenda J. Minor, 3,109; William F. Moran, 1,315; Robert J. Rivet, 1,315; Peter C. Wallace, 3,374; and Larry D. Wyche, 1,514.

(g)
Includes shares of Common Stock as indicated in the preceding footnotes.

(h)
Share total rounded down to the next whole number of shares respecting fractional shares purchased
pursuant to a broker-dividend reinvestment plan and transfer agent dividend reinvestment plan.

(i)
Includes 3,391 shares held in trust over which Mr. Farkas and his spouse share voting and
investment power.

(j)
Includes 5,988 shares held in trust over which Mr. Wallace has sole voting and investment
power.

PROPOSAL TWO: RATIFICATION
OF APPOINTMENT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors has appointed the firm of Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”) to act as the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm for its fiscal year ending December 31, 2026, subject to the ratification by the
Company’s stockholders at this Annual Meeting as required by the By-laws of the Company. The Board of Directors requests
that stockholders ratify such appointment. If the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment of Deloitte, our Audit Committee
will appoint another independent registered public accounting firm to perform such duties for the current fiscal year and submit
the name of such firm for ratification by our stockholders at the next Annual Meeting of stockholders. Deloitte has been retained
as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm since 2003.

The Audit Committee annually
reviews Deloitte’s performance in deciding whether to retain Deloitte or engage a different independent registered public
accounting firm. In making such determination, the Audit Committee considers, among other things, (i) an evaluation of Deloitte’s
historical and recent performance on the Company’s audit; (ii) Deloitte’s capability and expertise in handling the
breadth and complexity of the Company’s worldwide operations; (iii) recent Public Company Oversight Board (PCAOB) reports
on Deloitte and its peer firms; (iv) appropriateness of Deloitte’s fees for audit and non-audit services, on both an absolute
basis and as compared to its peer firms; and (v) the benefits of having a long-tenured auditor such as (1) a higher quality audit
due to Deloitte’s institutional knowledge and deep understanding of the Company’s business, accounting policies and
practices, and internal control over financial reporting; (2) an efficient fee structure as Deloitte’s fees are competitive
with peer companies because of Deloitte’s familiarity with the Company’s business and industry; and (3) avoiding the
costs and disruptions, including management time and distractions, associated with bringing on a new independent auditor. Based
on this evaluation, the Audit Committee believes that the continued retention of Deloitte to serve as the Company’s independent
registered public accounting firm is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders.

Representatives of Deloitte
are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting to make such statements and answer such questions as are appropriate.

Ratification of the
appointment of Deloitte will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Company Common Stock present in person
or represented by proxy and (eligible to vote) at the Annual Meeting, assuming the presence of a quorum. As further discussed
in the section titled “ Broker non-votes ” on page 10 of this Proxy Statement, if you own shares of Common Stock
through a bank, broker or other holder of record and you do not instruct your bank, broker or other holder of record on how to
vote on this “routine” proposal, your bank, broker or other holder of record will nevertheless have authority to vote
your shares on this “routine” proposal in your banks’, brokers’ or other holders’ of record discretion.

Disclosure about Fees

The following table presents
the aggregate fees billed by our independent registered public accountants, Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and their

79

respective affiliates for the audit of our
annual financial statements for the calendar years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, as well as other services provided during
those periods:

2025
2024

Audit Fees (a)
$ 4,027,000
$ 3,911,000

Audit-Related Fees (b)
$ —
$ 13,000

Tax Fees (c)
$ 60,000
$ 1,396,000

All Other Fees (d)
$ 6,000
$ 6,000

Total
$ 4,093,000
$ 5,326,000

(a)
Audit Fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the annual audit of our consolidated
financial statements, audit of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, review of condensed consolidated financial statements included in the Company’s quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.

(b)
Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements that are not reported under the
caption “Audit Fees”.

(c)
Tax Fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and
tax planning. The fees for 2025 principally relate to preparation of tax returns and other tax compliance services directly
related to such return, while 2024 fees principally relate to tax advisory services relating to restructuring of legal entities.

(d)
All Other Fees for 2025 and 2024 consist of fees billed for research tools.

Pre-Approval Policy for
Audit and Non-Audit Services

The Audit Committee has
adopted a policy to pre-approve audit and permissible non-audit services, provided by the independent accountants. Annually, the
Audit Committee will approve the scope of the audit services to be performed during the fiscal year as outlined in an engagement
letter proposed by the independent accountants. For permissible non-audit services, the Audit Committee approves in advance all
non-audit services below $500,000 to be provided by the independent accountants so long as no individual service exceeds $100,000.
The Company’s pre-approval policy includes a detail list of permissible services and is provided to the Audit Committee.
Non-audit services greater than $100,000 or for any service when aggregate services have exceeded the $500,000, separate pre-approval
by the Audit Committee is obtained. We routinely (at least quarterly) inform the Audit Committee as to the nature, extent, and
fees of services provided by the independent accountants in accordance with this pre-approval policy for the services performed
to date. During fiscal year 2025, all of the Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees, and All Other Fees in the table above were approved
by the Audit Committee. The Company believes that none of the time expended on Deloitte & Touche LLP’s engagement
to audit the Company’s financial statements for fiscal 2025 and 2024 was attributable to work performed by individuals other
than Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and their respective affiliates full-time, permanent
employees.

80

RECOMMENDATION OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “ FOR ” RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
AS THE COMPANY’S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2026 (PROPOSAL 2).

PROPOSAL THREE: ADVISORY
VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY’S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Overview

The Board of Directors
is committed to excellence in governance. As part of that commitment, and as required by Section 14A(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Board of Directors is providing the stockholders with an opportunity to provide an advisory vote to
approve executive compensation (commonly known as a “Say-on-Pay” proposal). The Board of Directors recognizes that
providing stockholders with an advisory vote to approve executive compensation may produce useful information on investor sentiment
with regard to the Company’s executive compensation programs. At the 2025 Annual Meeting of stockholders, over 92% of the
shares voted were in favor of the advisory resolution concerning the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. In accordance
with the result of the advisory vote on the frequency of the say-on-pay vote, which was conducted at the 2023 Annual Meeting of
stockholders, the Board of Directors has determined that the Company will continue to conduct an executive compensation advisory
vote on an annual basis. Accordingly, the next Say-on-Pay vote after this Annual Meeting is expected to occur at the 2027 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and each year thereafter until another vote on frequency occurs, which will be no later than the 2029 Annual
Meeting of stockholders. The Company’s executive compensation program and practices are fully described in the “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis” section and other table and narrative disclosures in this Proxy Statement.

Compensation Objectives

As generally described
in the above “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this Proxy Statement, the Company’s executive
compensation program is designed to attract and retain high quality executives and to align the interest of management with the
interests of stockholders by rewarding both short and long-term performance.

Company Performance

The dedication of Curtiss-Wright
employees to serving its customers and meeting the Company’s commitments to stakeholders drove very strong performance in
fiscal 2025, with strong increases in sales, operating margin, earnings per share, and free cash flow. As a result, Company performance
was near maximum relative to target against its financial performance metrics under the annual incentive compensation plan. As
a result, bonus payments for the NEOs under the annual incentive program were well above target level pay. In addition, under the
long-term incentive plan, the Company was at maximum relative to target against its long-term incentive financial performance metrics
under the long-term incentive compensation plan over the past three-year performance period (2023-2025). As a result, cash-based
performance units payouts for the 2023-2025 performance period were at maximum of target level pay and TSR was at the 93 rd
percentile of the Company’s peer group. The Company’s believes these results demonstrate the strong pay-for-performance
alignment under its annual and long-term incentive compensation plans.

Incentive awards earned
by the Named Executive Officers for fiscal 2025 reflect the Company’s strong operating performance and the Company’s
commitment to pay for performance. The Company’s 2025 financial performance as measured under the Company’s executive
compensation plans were as follows:

-
Adjusted Organic Sales growth of 11.6%.

-
Adjusted Operating Margin of 18.5%; and

-
Working Capital as a percentage of Sales of 19.2%.

81

The Company’s financial
performance above includes adjustments referenced in the Company’s fourth quarter 2025 earnings release furnished to the
SEC on February 12, 2026. The Company’s financial performance above excludes the performance of any acquisitions consummated
during the performance period.

The Company urges its
stockholders to read the above “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this Proxy Statement, which describes
in more detail how the Company’s executive compensation policies and procedures operate and are designed to achieve the Company’s
compensation objectives, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and related compensation tables and narratives which provide
detailed information on the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. The Executive Compensation Committee believes that the
policies and procedures articulated in the above “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this Proxy Statement
are effective in achieving the Company’s goals and that the compensation of the Named Executive Officers reported in this
Proxy Statement has supported and contributed to the Company’s success.

The Board recommends
that stockholders continue to support this compensation program by voting on the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders of
Curtiss-Wright Corporation approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company’s Named Executive Officers,
as disclosed in the Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table, and
the related compensation tables and accompanying narrative disclosure therein.”

This vote is advisory,
and therefore not binding on the Company, the Executive Compensation Committee, or the Board of Directors. It will not overrule
any decisions made by the Board of Directors or the Executive Compensation Committee or require the Board of Directors or the Executive
Compensation Committee to take any specific action. The Board of Directors and the Executive Compensation Committee value the opinions
of the stockholders, and, to the extent there is any significant vote against the Named Executive Officers compensation as disclosed
in this Proxy Statement, the Board of Directors will consider the stockholder concerns and the Executive Compensation Committee
will evaluate whether any actions are necessary to address those concerns.

Adoption of this resolution
will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Company Common Stock voting power of the stockholders present
in person or represented by proxy and (eligible to vote) at the Annual Meeting, assuming the presence of a quorum. As further discussed
in the section titled “Broker non-votes” on page 10 of this Proxy Statement, if you own shares of Common Stock through
a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must instruct your bank, broker or other holder of record how to vote in order for
them to vote your shares of Common Stock so that your vote can be counted on this Proposal Three.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “ FOR ” APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF THE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS
DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT (PROPOSAL 3).

HOUSEHOLDING OF ANNUAL
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS

The SEC has adopted rules
governing the delivery of annual disclosure documents that permit us to send a single set of our Notice of Internet Availability
of Proxy Materials, and for those stockholders that received a paper copy of the proxy materials in the mail, a single set of our
annual report and proxy statement, to any household at which two or more stockholders reside if we believe that the stockholders
are members of the same family, unless we have received contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders. This rule benefits
both stockholders and the Company. It reduces the volume of duplicate information received and helps to reduce our expenses. Each
stockholder will continue to receive a separate proxy card if they received a paper copy of the proxy materials in the

82

mail. If your household received a single
set of such disclosure documents for this year, but you would prefer to receive your own copy now or in the future, please contact
our transfer agent, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., by calling their toll-free number, 1-800-542-1061, or writing to Broadridge
Financial Solutions, Inc., Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. A separate copy of such disclosure
documents will be promptly provided to you upon receipt of your request. Stockholders sharing an address who are receiving multiple
copies of the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or our proxy statement and annual report, as applicable, and who
wish to receive a single copy of such materials in the future, please contact Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. as indicated
above.

DEADLINE FOR RECEIPT OF
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2027 ANNUAL MEETING

Pursuant to regulations
of the SEC, stockholders who intend to submit proposals for inclusion in our proxy materials for the 2027 Annual Meeting must do
so no later than November 27, 2026. This requirement is separate from the SEC’s other requirements that must be met to have
a stockholder proposal included in our Proxy Statement. In addition, this requirement is independent of certain other notice requirements
of our Amended and Restated By-laws described below. All stockholder proposals and notices should be submitted to Corporate Secretary,
Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300, Davidson, North Carolina 28036. The attached proxy card grants
the proxy holder discretionary authority to vote on any matter raised and presented at the Annual Meeting. Pursuant to amended
SEC Rule 14a-4(c)(1), we will exercise discretionary voting authority to the extent conferred by proxy with respect to stockholder
proposals received after February 10, 2027.

If a stockholder of record
wishes to nominate Directors or bring other business to be considered by stockholders at the 2027 Annual Meeting, such proposals
may only be made in accordance with the following procedure. Under our current Amended and Restated By-laws, nominations of Directors
or other proposals by stockholders must be made in writing to our offices no later than February 6, 2027 and no earlier than January
8, 2027. However, if the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 70 days from
the anniversary date of the 2026 Annual Meeting, then such nominations and proposals must be delivered in writing to the Company
no earlier than 120 days prior to the 2027 Annual Meeting and no later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th
day prior to the 2027 Annual Meeting, or (ii) if the first public announcement of the date of such advanced or delayed annual meeting
is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of
the date of the 2027 Annual Meeting is first made.

Please note that these
requirements relate only to matters proposed to be considered for the 2027 Annual Meeting. They are separate from the SEC’s
requirements to have stockholder proposals included in the Company’s 2027 proxy statement.

In addition to satisfying
the foregoing requirements under our Amended and Restated By-laws, to comply with the universal proxy rules, stockholders who intend
to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company’s nominees must provide notice that sets forth
the information required by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act no later than March 9, 2027.

2025 ANNUAL REPORT ON
FORM 10-K

Any stockholder wishing
to receive, without charge, a copy of the Company’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K (without exhibits) filed with the SEC
on February 12, 2026, should write to the Corporate Secretary, Curtiss-Wright Corporation, 130 Harbour Place Drive, Suite 300,
Davidson, North Carolina 28036. Exhibits to the Form 10-K will be furnished upon written request and payment of the Company’s
expenses in furnishing such documents. The Company’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K is also available digitally free of
charge through the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website at https://curtisswright.com/investor-relations/financials/sec-filings.

83

OTHER MATTERS WHICH MAY
BE PRESENTED FOR ACTION AT THE MEETING

The Board of Directors
does not intend to present for action at this Annual Meeting any matter other than those specifically set forth in the Notice of
Annual Meeting. If any other matter is properly presented for action at the Annual Meeting, it is the intention of persons named
in the proxy to vote thereon in accordance with their judgment pursuant to the discretionary authority conferred by the proxy.

By Order of the Board of Directors

George P. McDonald

Corporate Secretary

Dated: March 26, 2026

84

CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION
C/O BROADRIDGE
P.O. BOX 1342
BRENTWOOD, NY 11717

SCAN TO

VIEW MATERIALS & VOTE

VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com or scan the QR Barcode above

Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern
Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow
the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.

VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903

Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off
date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.

VOTE BY MAIL

Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing,
c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.

VOTE IN PERSON

You may vote these shares in person by attending the annual meeting. Directions to the meeting are available at www.proxyvote.com.

TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:

V84545-P45788
KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS

DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY

THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.

CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION
For
All
Withhold
All
For
All
Except
To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee(s), mark “For All Except” and write the number(s) of the nominee(s)
on the line below.

The Board of Directors recommends you
vote FOR the following:

1.
Election of Directors

☐
☐
☐

Nominees:

01)
Lynn M. Bamford

06)   William F. Moran

02)
Bruce D. Hoechner

07)   Robert J. Rivet

03)
Jeffrey J. Lyash

08)   Peter C. Wallace

04)
Glenda J. Minor

09)   Larry D. Wyche

05)
Anthony J. Moraco

The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following proposals:

For
Against
Abstain

2.
To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
2026
☐
☐
☐

3.
An advisory (non-binding) vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers
☐
☐
☐

NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof.

Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary,
please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership,
please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer.

Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]
Date

Signature (Joint Owners)
Date

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on Thursday, May 7,
2026.
A Notice and Proxy Statement and Combined Business Review/2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K to security holders are available

at www.proxyvote.com.

V84546-P45788

CURTISS-WRIGHT CORPORATION
Annual Meeting of Stockholders
May 7, 2026 1:00 PM
This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors

The undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints LYNN M. BAMFORD, KEVIN M. RAYMENT and K. CHRISTOPHER FARKAS, and each of them,
as proxies of the undersigned, with full power to appoint their substitute, and authorizes each of them to represent and to
vote all shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Curtiss-Wright Corporation (the “Company”) which the undersigned
is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) to be held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at the
Homewood Suites by Hilton, 125 Harbour Place Drive, Davidson, North Carolina 28036, commencing at 1:00 PM local time, or any
adjournment or postponement thereof, with all the powers the undersigned would have if personally present, respecting the
matters described in the accompanying proxy statement and, in their discretion, on other matters which may properly come before
the meeting. When properly executed, this proxy will be voted in the manner directed herein by the undersigned stockholder(s).

If no direction is given, this proxy will be voted FOR the Director nominees listed in Proposal One and FOR Proposals Two
and Three. In their discretion, the proxies are each authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly come before
the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements thereof. A stockholder wishing to vote in accordance with the Board
of Directors’ recommendations need only sign and date this proxy and return it in the enclosed envelope.

The undersigned hereby acknowledge(s) receipt of a copy of the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the
proxy statement with respect thereto, the Company’s 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and Business Review to Stockholders and hereby revoke(s) any proxy or proxies heretofore given. This proxy may
be revoked at any time before it is exercised.

Continued and to be signed on reverse side