SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-30T17:18:40Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-30 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-07-31T19:31:12Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Business advisory firm FTI Consulting (NYSE:FCN) met Wall Street's revenue expectations in Q2 CY2026, with sales up 5.3% year on year to $993.5 million. The company's outlook for the full year was close to analysts' estimates with revenue guided to $4.02 billion at the midpoint. Its non-GAAP profit of $2.16 per share was 4.4% below analysts' consensus estimates.
Revenue: $993.5 million vs analyst estimates of $997.5 million (5.3% year-on-year growth, in line)
Adjusted EPS: $2.16 vs analyst expectations of $2.26 (4.4% miss)
Adjusted EBITDA: $104.5 million vs analyst estimates of $106.6 million (10.5% margin, 2% miss)
The company reconfirmed its revenue guidance for the full year of $4.02 billion at the midpoint
Management raised its full-year Adjusted EPS guidance to $9.40 at the midpoint, a 1.6% increase
Operating Margin: 8.6%, down from 10.5% in the same quarter last year
Free Cash Flow Margin: 0%, down from 4.1% in the same quarter last year
Market Capitalization: $5.04 billion
Company Overview
With a team of experts deployed across 30+ countries to tackle complex business challenges, FTI Consulting (NYSE:FCN) is a global business advisory firm that helps organizations manage change, mitigate risk, and resolve disputes across financial, legal, operational, and regulatory matters.
Revenue Growth
A company's long-term sales performance is one signal of its overall quality. Even a bad business can shine for one or two quarters, but a top-tier one grows for years.
With $3.92 billion in revenue over the past 12 months, FTI Consulting is one of the larger companies in the business services industry and benefits from a well-known brand that influences purchasing decisions.
As you can see below, FTI Consulting grew its sales at a solid 8.2% compounded annual growth rate over the last five years. This shows it had high demand, a useful starting point for our analysis.
We at StockStory place the most emphasis on long-term growth, but within business services, a half-decade historical view may miss recent innovations or disruptive industry trends. FTI Consulting's recent performance shows its demand has slowed as its annualized revenue growth of 3% over the last two years was below its five-year trend. We're wary when companies in the sector see decelerations in revenue growth, as it could signal changing consumer tastes aided by low switching costs.
This quarter, FTI Consulting grew its revenue by 5.3% year on year, and its $993.5 million of revenue was in line with Wall Street's estimates.
Looking ahead, sell-side analysts expect revenue to grow 6.2% over the next 12 months, an improvement versus the last two years. This projection is above average for the sector and indicates its newer products and services will spur better top-line performance.
ONE MORE THING: The $21 AI Application Stock Wall Street Forgot. While Wall Street obsesses over who's building AI, one company is already using it to print money. And nobody's paying attention.
AI chip stocks trade at ridiculous valuations. This company processes a trillion consumer signals monthly using AI and trades at a third of the price. The gap won't last. The institutions will figure it out. You need to see this first. Read the FREE Report Before They Notice.
Adjusted Operating Margin
Adjusted operating margin is a key measure of profitability. Think of it as net income (the bottom line) excluding the impact of non-recurring expenses, taxes, and interest on debt - metrics less connected to business fundamentals.
FTI Consulting's adjusted operating margin has been trending up over the last 12 months and averaged 10% over the last five years. Its profitability was higher than the broader business services sector, showing it did a decent job managing its expenses.
Analyzing the trend in its profitability, FTI Consulting's adjusted operating margin might have fluctuated slightly but has generally stayed the same over the last five years. This raises questions about the company's expense base because its revenue growth should have given it leverage on its fixed costs, resulting in better economies of scale and profitability.
This quarter, FTI Consulting generated an adjusted operating margin profit margin of 9.6%, in line with the same quarter last year. This indicates the company's overall cost structure has been relatively stable.
Earnings Per Share
Revenue trends explain a company's historical growth, but the long-term change in earnings per share (EPS) points to the profitability of that growth — for example, a company could inflate its sales through excessive spending on advertising and promotions.
FTI Consulting's EPS grew at an unimpressive 4.5% compounded annual growth rate over the last five years, lower than its 8.2% annualized revenue growth. However, its adjusted operating margin didn't change during this time, telling us that non-fundamental factors such as interest and taxes affected its ultimate earnings.
Like with revenue, we analyze EPS over a shorter period to see if we are missing a change in the business.
For FTI Consulting, its two-year annual EPS declines of 4.2% show it's continued to underperform. These results were bad no matter how you slice the data.
In Q2, FTI Consulting reported adjusted EPS of $2.16, up from $2.13 in the same quarter last year. Despite growing year on year, this print missed analysts' estimates. Over the next 12 months, Wall Street expects FTI Consulting's full-year EPS to grow 24.7% from $8.44 to $10.52.
Key Takeaways from FTI Consulting's Q2 Results
It was good to see FTI Consulting narrowly top analysts' full-year EPS guidance expectations this quarter. On the other hand, its EPS missed and its revenue was in line with Wall Street's estimates. Overall, this quarter could have been better. The stock traded down 2% to $167.12 immediately after reporting.
FTI Consulting's latest earnings report disappointed. One quarter doesn't define a company's quality, so let's explore whether the stock is a buy at the current price. When making that decision, it's important to consider its valuation, business qualities, as well as what has happened in the latest quarter. We cover that in our actionable full research report which you can read here, it's free.