SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-13T13:49:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-13 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-19T19:32:10Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Each stock in this article is trading near its 52-week high. These elevated prices usually indicate some degree of investor confidence, business improvements, or favorable market conditions.
However, not all companies with momentum are long-term winners, and many investors have lost money by following short-term trends. Keeping that in mind, here is one stock we think lives up to the hype and two not so much.
Two Industrials Stocks to Sell:
Snap-on (SNA)
One-Month Return: +2.5%
Founded in 1920, Snap-on (NYSE:SNA) is a global provider of tools, equipment, and diagnostics for various industries such as vehicle repair, aerospace, and the military.
Why Do We Think Twice About SNA?
-       Organic revenue growth fell short of our benchmarks over the past two years and implies it may need to improve its products, pricing, or go-to-market strategy
-       Flat earnings per share over the last two years underperformed the sector average
-       Diminishing returns on capital suggest its earlier profit pools are drying up
At $411.13 per share, Snap-on trades at 20.1x forward P/E. Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why SNA doesn't pass our bar.
Nordson (NDSN)
One-Month Return: +7.7%
Founded in 1954, Nordson Corporation (NASDAQ:NDSN) manufactures dispensing equipment and industrial adhesives, sealants and coatings.
Why Does NDSN Fall Short?
-       Absence of organic revenue growth over the past two years suggests it may have to lean into acquisitions to drive its expansion
-       Estimated sales growth of 5.1% for the next 12 months is soft and implies weaker demand
-       Diminishing returns on capital suggest its earlier profit pools are drying up
Nordson's stock price of $308.73 implies a valuation ratio of 25.9x forward P/E. To fully understand why you should be careful with NDSN, check out our full research report (it's free).
One Industrials Stock to Watch:
Parker-Hannifin (PH)
One-Month Return: +11.5%
Founded in 1917, Parker Hannifin (NYSE:PH) is a manufacturer of motion and control systems for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets.
Why Do We Watch PH?
-       Healthy operating margin of 19.1% shows it's a well-run company with efficient processes, and it turbocharged its profits by achieving some fixed cost leverage
-       Share repurchases over the last five years enabled its annual earnings per share growth of 16.6% to outpace its revenue gains
-       PH is a free cash flow machine with the flexibility to invest in growth initiatives or return capital to shareholders, and its improved cash conversion implies it's becoming a less capital-intensive business