SOURCE: https://ir.sunbeltrentals.com/news-events/press-releases/detail/96/sunbelt-rentals-shares-begin-trading-on-new-york-stock-exchange
PROVIDER: agent-websearch
AREA: 1
HEADLINE: Sunbelt Rentals Shares Begin Trading on New York Stock Exchange
WHY: Primary-source account of the Ashtead-to-Sunbelt reorganization/relisting mechanics, material to interpreting comparability of prior quarters
QUERY: Sunbelt Rentals Holdings Ashtead Group spinoff IPO
FETCHED_UTC: 2026-09-08T15:39:20Z

 
 
     
         
         
                         
                
         Sunbelt Rentals Shares Begin Trading on New York Stock Exchange :: Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. (SUNB) 
        
         
 


 
 
 

 
 

 
 



 
	{"@context":"http:\/\/schema.org","@type":"Corporation","name":"Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc.","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","streetAddress":"1799 Innovation Point ","addressLocality":"Fort Mill, SC","postalCode":"29715","addressCountry":""},"legalName":"Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc.","description":"Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc., operating as Sunbelt Rentals, is a leading global provider of rental equipment and services based in Fort Mill, South Carolina. Our passionate, customer-centric team of 26,000 employees combines execution-focused resolve with Sunbelt Rentals\u2019 innovative array of rental solutions across a vast network of over 1,600 locations and with a fleet of assets exceeding $19 billion across North America and the UK.\r\nOur broad offering combines General Tool equipment with a wide range of Specialty solutions, including Power &amp; HVAC, Pump Solutions, Climate Control, Flooring Solutions, Scaffolding and Modular Solutions, among others. By leveraging our extensive branch network, deep technical expertise and coordinated sales approach, we provide comprehensive solutions that support projects throughout their lifecycle, from planning and site preparation to execution, completion and ongoing maintenance.\r\nSunbelt Rentals is committed to delivering exceptional service, innovative solutions and reliable execution across an increasingly diverse range of industries, project types and end markets, including construction, industrial, infrastructure, maintenance, live events and emerging applications ranging from small-scale developments to large-scale mega projects.","tickerSymbol":": SUNB","url":"https:\/\/ir.sunbeltrentals.com","logo":"https:\/\/ir.sunbeltrentals.com\/_assets\/_5aa86b1b38617442202de3996be5faf5\/sunbeltrentals\/logo.png","image":"https:\/\/ir.sunbeltrentals.com\/_assets\/_5aa86b1b38617442202de3996be5faf5\/sunbeltrentals\/db\/3727\/33626\/social_image_resized.jpg","sameAs":[]} 

 
         
         
 
    
     
 
    
     
 
 
          
        
                 
         
        
                         
                 
                         
                        
                 
         
         
         
         
         
           
    
                     
     
         
             
     
         Skip to main content 
                 Skip to section navigation 
                 Skip to footer 
     
     
     
         
    	     
                                         
                                                     
                     chevron_left Back to Sunbeltrentals.com 
                                                 
                    	 
	     
     
      
         
             
                 
                     
                 
                             
             
                  
                  
                  
             
             
                 
         
         Overview 
             
         
         News &amp; Events 
                 
                         
                 Press Releases 
             
                         
                 IR Calendar 
             
                         
                 Presentations 
             
                         
                 Email Alerts 
             
                         
                 RNS Announcements 
             
                     
             
         
         Company Information 
                 
                         
                 Company Profile 
             
                         
                 Leadership Team 
             
                         
                 Contacts 
             
                         
                 FAQ 
             
                     
             
         
         Financial Information 
                 
                         
                 Financial Results 
             
                     
             
         
         Stock Data 
                 
                         
                 NYSE 
             
                         
                 LSE 
             
                         
                 Analyst Coverage 
             
                         
                 US Listing Information 
             
                     
             
         
         Filings 
                 
                         
                 SEC Filings 
             
                         
                 Annual Reports &amp; Proxy Statements 
             
                         
                 Quarterly Reports 
             
                         
                 Section 16 Filings 
             
                     
             
         
         Sustainability 
                 
                         
                 Sustainability Report 
             
                         
                 Sustainability 4.0 
             
                     
             
         
         Governance 
                 
                         
                 Board of Directors 
             
                         
                 Board Committees 
             
                         
                 Governance Documents 
             
                     
             
     
      chevron_left Back to Sunbeltrentals.com 
 
              
         
     
 

             
                 
	 
	     
	         
                             
                     Press Releases 
                 
	            	     
    	    			 
				 
					 
				 
			 
    		         
     
                      
     
    	 
             
                 
            		  
              		  
              		  
              	 
            	News &amp; Events             
             
                 News &amp; Events 
                 
                                         
                         Press Releases 
                                             
                	                     
                         IR Calendar 
                                             
                	                     
                         Presentations 
                                             
                	                     
                         Email Alerts 
                                             
                	                     
                         RNS Announcements 
                                             
                	                 
             
         
     
                 
                 
                     
                         
                                                         
                                     
         Sunbelt Rentals Shares Begin Trading on New York Stock Exchange 
           
             
                March 02, 2026 8:00am EST             
                                         
                     Download as PDF
                 
                     
        
         
    	

 
 Transition to U.S. primary listing aligns company’s capital base with operations, market presence, and leadership team, positioning Sunbelt Rentals for continued growth 

 
 
 Sunbelt Rentals to retain secondary London Stock Exchange listing, while also leveraging its scale to capitalize on structural progression of U.S. rental industry and increased demand for diverse portfolio of offerings across broadening customer base 

 
     FORT MILL, S.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SUNB) (“Sunbelt Rentals” or the “company”), a leader in the equipment rental industry, today announced that shares of its common stock have commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol “SUNB” as of the market open.

 
 This press release features multimedia. View the full release here:  https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260302554646/en/  
 
  Brendan Horgan, Sunbelt Rentals CEO 
 
 
This marks the successful completion of the company’s transition to a U.S. primary listing as a natural progression of Sunbelt Rentals’ business, reflecting the company’s strong momentum and crucial role as a leading provider of rental equipment and services in North America. Sunbelt Rentals is now a U.S.-listed company with a substantially U.S.-based business, reporting in U.S. dollars and with almost all the company’s operating profit derived from North America over the last twelve months. As part of this transition, former Ashtead Group plc (“Ashtead”) shareholders have received one Sunbelt Rentals share for each Ashtead share previously held, and in addition to its primary listing on the NYSE, Sunbelt Rentals will maintain a secondary listing on the London Stock Exchange, also under the SUNB ticker.

 
 
“We’re incredibly excited to achieve this milestone, as part of Sunbelt Rentals’ continued growth journey as a leading rental solutions provider,” said Brendan Horgan, Chief Executive Officer of Sunbelt Rentals. “Over the past several years, Sunbelt Rentals has made tremendous strides growing our rental business in North America while diversifying our customer base and expanding our addressable markets, all while strengthening our culture and improving safety. With increased access to the U.S. capital markets, we are well positioned to support the next generation of infrastructure, construction, and the broad non-construction markets across the U.S. and Canada, which we believe will benefit all our stakeholders.”

 
 
Sunbelt Rentals operates from a position of leadership in a structurally growing industry. The need from infrastructure, construction, industrial, events, and non-construction businesses for a strong rental partner is greater today than ever before, with customers increasingly deeming rental an essential part of their operations. Today, Sunbelt Rentals operates in all 50 states in the United States and in eight provinces in Canada, providing the company with distinctive competitive advantages that compound over time, including scale and resilience needed to support its growing base of customers, and multiple layers of growth opportunity.

 
 
"We’re incredibly grateful for the Sunbelt Rentals team who has made this relisting a possibility,” said Alex Pease, Chief Financial Officer of Sunbelt Rentals. “Their passion and dedication have brought Sunbelt Rentals to this exciting next step on its structural growth journey, showcasing the strength of our scaled platform and commitment to the North American market. Our new home on the NYSE will increase our visibility among institutional and retail investors, highlighting our value proposition as the premier choice for equipment rentals and offering our customers a one-stop solution for all their rental needs and services.”

 
 
Sunbelt Rentals looks forward to sharing more with investors during its March 12 earnings call at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, and its March 26 Investor Day, where the company will provide updates on its strategic roadmap, performance, growth trajectory, cash flow profile, approach to capital allocation, and the next generation of rental partnerships and solutions.

 
 
  ABOUT SUNBELT RENTALS HOLDINGS, INC.  

 
 
Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, operating primarily as Sunbelt Rentals, is a leading global provider of rental equipment and services based in Fort Mill, South Carolina. Our passionate, customer-centric team of 24,000 employees combines execution-focused resolve with Sunbelt Rentals’ innovative array of rental solutions across a vast network of more than 1,600 locations and with a fleet of assets exceeding $19 billion. Sunbelt Rentals is committed to delivering unrivaled quality and support for its customers across an increasingly diverse array of industries, project types and end markets, including construction, live events, maintenance and countless emerging applications ranging from small-scale developments to mega-projects. Visit  sunbeltrentals.com  to find out how our team can back your project from the time you break ground through ribbon cutting and beyond.

 
 
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

 
 
This release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including, without limitation, statements concerning the expected benefits of our primary listing on the NYSE, conditions of our industry, and our operations. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can be identified by the use of words such as “may,” “might,” “will,” “should,” “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “outlook,” “believe” and other similar expressions. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates.

 
 
These forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions by our management that, although we believe to be reasonable, are inherently uncertain and subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: competition from existing and new competitors; the impact of global economic conditions (including inflation, interest rates, supply chain constraints, tariffs, trade wars and sanctions) and geopolitical risks (including risks related to international conflicts) on us, our customers and our suppliers, in the United States and the rest of the world; currency and interest rate fluctuations; seasonality of our business; our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; our ability to successfully make acquisitions and integrate acquired companies; changes in the rental rates that we can charge for the equipment in our rental fleet or our services; changes in the construction and industrial markets; changes in political, social and economic conditions and local regulations; changes in the attitude of our customers towards renting, as compared with purchasing, equipment; changes in applicable accounting standards or subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters; changes in the mix of products offered in our rental fleet, industry capacity or competition; changes in environmental and safety regulations; changes in government spending or government policies; disruptions of established supply channels; the effect of changes in tax law; the availability, terms and deployment of capital; and costs and availability of energy, and changes in transportation costs.

 
 
Further information on the risks that may affect our business is included in our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on February 13, 2026, and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements made in this release speak only as of its date, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events, except as required by law.

 
    
  View source version on businesswire.com:    https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20260302554646/en/   
 
 INVESTOR CONTACT
  Kevin Powers, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
  Kevin.Powers@sunbeltrentals.com
  (704) 451-2628

 
 
 MEDIA CONTACT
  H/Advisors Abernathy,
 Abigail Ruck / Mallory Griffin
  abigail.ruck@h-advisors.global  /  mallory.griffin@h-advisors.global
  (212) 371-5999

 
 Source: Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. 

    	 Released March 2, 2026 
     
             
            .bwalignc { text-align: center; list-style-position: inside }
 .bwuline { text-decoration: underline }         
                                                                 
                             
                     
                  
             
             
     
         
             
      email Email Alerts 
 
 
      location_city Company Profile 
 
 
      contact_page Contacts 
 
 
      rss_feed RSS News Feed 
 
         
     
  
     
         
             
                 
                     
                        &copy; 2026 
                         Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc.                         All Rights Reserved.
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         
                             
     Privacy Policy 
 
 
     Modern Slavery Statement 
 
 
     Disclaimer 
 
 
     Sitemap 
 
 
     Accessibility Statement 
 
                                                     
                     
                 
                             
         
     
     
 
{
    "asset_url": "https:\/\/ir.sunbeltrentals.com\/_assets\/_5aa86b1b38617442202de3996be5faf5\/sunbeltrentals",
    "website_base_url": "https:\/\/ir.sunbeltrentals.com",
    "ir_base_url": "",
    "hCaptchaSiteKey": "778a5748-d323-4b73-a06c-9625642de8bc",
    "isQmod": false}
 


  


          
     
 
