SOURCE: https://finance.yahoo.com/markets/stocks/articles/dupont-report-q2-earnings-whats-130900259.html
PROVIDER-URL: https://finnhub.io/api/news?id=587783ff7f40df493e8d3ae551b5d2e422a56b2203e8b6fb402fc262873c4d0e
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-29T17:09:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-29 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-06T09:01:30Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

DuPont de Nemours, Inc. DD is set to release second-quarter 2026 results before the opening bell on Aug. 4.
The company beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings in each of the last four quarters. It has a trailing four-quarter earnings surprise of 8% on average.  DuPont is expected to have benefited from its innovation-driven investment, productivity actions and acquisitions amid headwinds from cost inflation in the second quarter.
DD's shares have lost 35.1% in a year, underperforming the Zacks Chemicals Diversified industry's 0.5% rise.  
Image Source: Zacks Investment Research  
Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.
What do DD's Revenue Estimates Indicate?
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for DD's second-quarter consolidated sales is currently pegged at $1,817.9 million, calling for a decline of 44.2% from the year-ago quarter's tally.
The consensus estimate for the company's Healthcare & Water Technologies segment is pinned at $860 million. The same for the Diversified Industrials unit is pegged at $947 million.  
Factors at Play for DD Stock
DuPont is likely to have benefited from its cost and productivity measures, acquisitions and actions to drive growth through innovation in the quarter to be reported. Its innovation-driven investment is focused on several high-growth areas. DD remains committed to driving returns from its R&D investment.
The acquisition of Spectrum Plastics Group, a leading manufacturer of specialty medical devices and components, strengthened DuPont's position in stable and fast-growing healthcare end markets. It is also in sync with its focus on high-growth, customer-driven innovation for the healthcare market. The buyout of Donatelle Plastics also enhances DD's exposure in healthcare, expanding its expertise in the medical device market segments.
DuPont is expected to have benefited from cost synergy savings and productivity improvement actions in the June quarter. These actions contributed to a 100-basis-point year-over-year growth in operating margins in 2025. The additional benefits of its structural cost actions are expected to be realized in 2026. The company also continues to implement strategic price increases in the wake of raw material and energy cost inflation. Its cost and productivity actions, along with pricing measures, are expected to have contributed to its margins in the to-be-reported quarter. 
DD is expected to have faced continued headwinds in the construction markets. In North America, uncertainties surrounding the U.S. housing market are weighing on construction. Elevated borrowing costs and inflation have unfavorably impacted the residential construction industry. The weakness in construction and automotive markets is likely to have affected second-quarter sales in the diversified industrials business. The softness in the automotive market is due to weak automotive build rates across the United States and Europe.  
DuPont is also exposed to challenges from cost inflation and logistics disruptions due to the Middle East conflict. The company faces challenges from higher raw material costs resulting from the conflict. While it is taking pricing actions to offset the incremental costs, the impacts of cost inflation are expected to reflect on its performance. Higher input costs are likely to have weighed on its margins in the second quarter.