SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-03T17:10:02Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-08-03 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-08-06T09:01:30Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here's a revealing data point: older Americans are scared more of outliving wealth than of death itself.
And older Americans have legitimate reasons for this worry, even if they have dutifully saved for their golden years. That\s because the traditional ways people manage retirement may no longer provide enough income to meet expenses- and with people generally living longer, the principal retirement savings is exhausted far too early in the retirement period.
Your parents' retirement investing plan won't cut it today.
In the past, investors going into retirement could invest in bonds and count on attractive yields to produce steady, reliable income streams to fund a predictable retirement. 10-year Treasury bond rates in the late 1990s hovered around 6.50%, whereas the current rate is much lower.
That means if you had $1 million in 10-year Treasuries, the difference in yield between 1999 and today is more than $1 million.
In addition to the considerable drop in bond yields, today's retirees are nervous about their future Social Security benefits. Because of certain demographic factors, it's been estimated that the funds that pay the Social Security benefits will run out of money in 2035.
So what's a retiree to do? You could cut your expenses to the bone, and take the risk that your Social Security checks don't shrink. Or you could find an alternative investment that provides a steady, higher-rate income stream to replace dwindling bond yields.
Invest in Dividend Stocks
As a replacement for low yielding Treasury bonds (and other bond options), we believe dividend-paying stocks from high quality companies offer low risk and stable, predictable income investors in retirement seek.
Look for stocks that have paid steady, increasing dividends for years (or decades), and have not cut their dividends even during recessions.
A rule of thumb for finding solid income-producing stocks is to seek those that average 3% dividend yield, and positive yearly dividend growth. These stocks can help combat inflation by boosting dividends over time.
Here are three dividend-paying stocks retirees should consider for their nest egg portfolio.
Avient (AVNT) is currently shelling out a dividend of $0.28 per share, with a dividend yield of 3.03%. This compares to the Chemical - Diversified industry's yield of 1.45% and the S&P 500's yield of 1.34%. The company's annualized dividend growth in the past year was 4.85%. Check Avient dividend history here>>>
Fidelity National Information Services (FIS) is paying out a dividend of $0.44 per share at the moment, with a dividend yield of 3.93% compared to the Financial Transaction Services industry's yield of 0% and the S&P 500's yield. The annualized dividend growth of the company was 11.11% over the past year. Check Fidelity National Information Services dividend history here>>>