SOURCE: [url withheld] host=finance.yahoo.com
PROVIDER-URL: [withheld]
HOST: finance.yahoo.com
TIER: 3 (live fetch (no_snapshot))
PROVIDER: finnhub  PROVIDER-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-28T18:35:00Z
CLAIMED-PUBLISHED: 2026-07-28 (via meta)
FENCE: verified before 2026-07-29T10:33:10Z
WARNING: tier 3 - live body, content may have changed since publication
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ase Technology ASX is slated to release second-quarter 2026 results on July 30.
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at 17 cents per share, unchanged over the past 30 days. The projection indicates a 54.55% increase from the figure reported in the year-ago quarter. 
The Zacks Consensus Estimate for second-quarter 2026 revenues is pegged at $5.99 billion, indicating a year-over-year increase of 22.22%.
Let us see how things have shaped up prior to the announcement.  
ASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd. Price and EPS Surprise
ASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd. price-eps-surprise | ASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd. Quote
Factors Likely to Influence ASX's Q2 Performance
ASX's second-quarter performance is expected to benefit from broad-based revenue growth across both its LEAP advanced packaging services and its traditional ATM (Assembly, Test, Material) business. Management projects consolidated second-quarter 2026 revenues to grow by 7% to 9% quarter over quarter, with ATM revenues expected to increase by 9% to 11%. This growth can be attributed to strong demand for artificial intelligence (AI)-related products, which are less subject to traditional seasonality and robust momentum in both assembly and test services.
The company is expected to have benefited from broad-based growth across both its LEAP and mainstream semiconductor packaging businesses in the to-be-reported quarter. Although smartphone and PC demand remained soft, rising demand for AI-related peripheral chips, including power management, connectivity, sensors and edge devices, along with improving automotive and industrial semiconductor demand, is expected to have more than offset weakness in traditional consumer markets. The mainstream ATM business is expected to have maintained growth rate similar to last year, providing an additional tailwind to second-quarter revenues.
Another key benefit in the second quarter of 2026 is the sequential improvement in profitability. ASX anticipates a sequential increase in gross margin by 20 to 100 basis points and operating margin by 50 to 120 basis points in the to-be-reported quarter. The company projected ATM gross margin of 26-27% for the second quarter, compared with 26% in the first quarter. A favorable pricing environment, supported by Ase Technology's strong market position, is likely to have aided margins, although higher costs associated with early deployment of resources for new product transitions and ongoing LEAP capacity expansion are expected to have partially offset these gains.
ASX's second-quarter performance is also expected to have benefited from improving momentum in its Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) business in the to-be-reported quarter. EMS revenues are expected to increase at least 10% year over year, supported by stronger demand for AI accelerator products and an improving product mix.